https://www.goodreads.com/quotes/tag/books?page=96
      “As for fairy tales, he understood that they were reflections of the people who had spun them, and were flecked with little truths - intrusions of reality into fantasy, like toast crumbs on a wizard's beard.”
  
      “On the occasions that he did look up from the page, he would seem as though he were awakening from a dream.”
  
      “He wasn't an alchemist, or a hero. He was a librarian, and a dreamer. He was a reader, and the unsung expert on a long-lost city no one cared a thing about.”
  
      “It was a different life out here, but make no mistake: Lazlo was every bit the dreamer he had always been, if not more. He might have left his books, but he carried all his stories with him.”
  
      “Every morning I tell myself, "I'll sleep early tonight." And every night I say, "One more chapter.”
  
      “Politicians in our times feed their clichés to television, where even those who wish to disagree repeat them. Television purports to challenge political language by conveying images, but the succession from one frame to another can hinder a sense of resolution. Everything happens fast, but nothing actually happens. Each story on televised news is ”breaking” until it is displaced by the next one. So we are hit by wave upon wave but never see the ocean.
      “Even if it was just walls and a roof with papers inside, it had bewitched him, and drawn him in, and given him everything he needed to become himself.”
  
      “La distancia más corta entre dos mundos, siempre será un libro.”
  
      “He was not a scholar – his brain seemed too sluggish or too dreamy to grasp the things demanded of it – but he was never happier than when left alone among books, and would spend hours turning the pages of atlases, novels or tales from history, alive to the alternative versions of himself they seemed to proffer.”
  
      “An escape can become escapism before we even know it. Books are wonderful things, but you can't live in someone else's story. You have to live your own story.”
  
      “Things belong to the people that use them, not to the people who create them.”
  
      “My books are my brain and my heart made visible.”
  
      “A library bears similar qualities to a hospital. Librarians are like doctors, books the prescriptions.”
  
      “The tiny sculptures revelled in the demotion of their celestial peers soaking up the limelight of human attention 
      “In books I have traveled, not only to other worlds, but into my own. I learned who I was and who I wanted to be, what I might aspire to, and what I might dare to dream about my world and myself.”
  
      “Books. It's always easier to tell people that a character is funny rather than attempt to hit the punchline of a joke that character would've said. But if we all simply told, books would cease to exist. And so would empathy. And feeling.”
  
      “Pero los escritores mienten, aun los más sinceros. Los menos hábiles, carentes de palabras y frases capaces de encerrarla, retienen una imagen pobre y chata de la vida; algunos, como Lucano, la cargan y abruman con una dignidad que no posee. Otros como Petronio, la aligeran, la convierten en una pelota hueca que rebota, fácil de recibir y lanzar en un universo sin peso. Los poetas nos transportan a un mundo más vasto o más hermoso, más ardiente o más dulce que el que nos ha sido dado, diferente a él y casi inhabitable en la práctica. Los filósofos hacen sufrir a la realidad casi las mismas transformaciones que el fuego o el mortero hacen sufrir a los cuerpos; en esos cristales o en esas cenizas nada parece subsistir de un ser o de un hecho tales como los conocimos. Los historiadores nos proponen sistemas demasiado completos del pasado, series de causas y efectos harto exactas y claras como para que hayan sido alguna vez verdaderas. Mucho me costaría vivir en un mundo sin libros, pero la realidad no está en ellos, puesto que no cabe entera.”
  
      “My mother explained the magic with this washing machine the very, very first day. She said, 'Now Hans, we have loaded the laundry. The machine will make the work. And now we can go to the library.' Because this is the magic: you load the laundry, and what do you get out of the machine? You get books out of the machines, children's books.”
  
      “The two seasons; deepest winter from above and nascent spring from below, created a juxtaposition that drew the 
      “Within a year or two, however, a couple of the first things I wrote – ‘Anarchy In The UK’ and ‘God Save The Queen’ – really hit their target. I’d like to thank the British public library system: that was my training ground, that’s where I learned to throw those verbal grenades. I wasn’t just throwing bricks through shop windows as a voice of rebellion, I was throwing words where they really mattered. Words count.”
  
      “I wish I could think about nothing, but the books all the time. I have never had an alcoholic rampage because of thinking about books too much...”
  
      “But sir, I'm seventeen," I reply bluntly. "I'm genetically programmed to want to make statements.”
  
      “Cosa c’è di meglio, in realtà, che starsene la sera accanto al fuoco con un bel libro in mano, mentre il vento sbatte contro le persiane e arde il lume della lampada?”
  
      “How is something authorised as 'feng shui compliant' he wondered. Is there a Chinese Ministry of Magic?”
  
      “Books were a dependable pleasure. I read more then than I ever was able to read again until now when I am too old to work much and am mostly alone.”
  
      “And, the treasure? A library card: key to all the doors in the story world.”
  
      “Crusoe and Friday. Ishmael and Ahab. Daisy and Gatsby. Pip and Estella. Me. Me. Me. I am not alone. I am surrounded by words that tell me who I am, why I feel what I feel. Or maybe they just help me while away the hours as the rain pounds down on the porch roof, taking me away from the gloom and on to somewhere sunny, somewhere else.”
  
      “Many books describe different problem solving techniques, but solving complicated problems in reality is not so easy.”
  
      “It is equally important to learn from experience and from books.”
  
      “His shout was a syllable so ancient and powerful that Saffiyah's mind instantly censored it.”
  