https://www.goodreads.com/quotes/tag/books?page=85
      “I will gladly accept any and all books, however. A person can never have too much reading material. Especially on a fall or winter evening. If you’re feeling extra generous, you may include tea. I love a unique blend.”
  
      “Books long to be read as we humans long to be loved.”
  
      “Lift up your eyes from your books, from your past, from your hurts and look upon all people with love, because when you look into another’s eyes and see innocence, you find it in yourself.”
  
      “Are they not criminals, books that have wasted our time and sympathy; are they not the most insidious enemies of society, corrupters, defilers, the writers of false books, faked books, books that fill the air with decay and disease?”
  
      “If someone had asked him, “Ben, are you lonely? , ” he would have looked at that someone with real surprise. The question had never even occurred to him. He had no friends, but he had his books and his dreams...”
  
      “Я начал свою жизнь, как, по всей вероятности, и кончу ее - среди книг.”
  
      “Buying books would be a good thing if one could also buy the time to read them in: but as a rule the purchase of books is mistaken for the appropriation of their contents.”
  
      “Feed your soul; books, places, people, anything. That helps it grow.”
  
      “Never a day without a line.”
  
      “...and he glanced at the backs of the books, with an awakened curiosity that went below the binding. No one who can read, ever looks at a book, even unopened on a shelf, like one who cannot.”
  
      “If you want to be a good actor or director, firstly see life, secondly see films and thirdly read books!”
  
      “Don't look at me like that," said Ruza.
      “The 'one book' which hasn't been written yet, even then
      “Experience is the catalyst for all great stories.”
  
      “At the end of the story of my life, I want to say it was the best book I had ever read.”
  
      “I love the echoes of a home filled to the rim with poetry, books and art.”
  
      “Luckily for me, I loved books. Books can enlighten but can also benight, but at least one can play one off against another.”
  
      “dianemoorewriter.com
      “I wish I had a dollar for every hour I've spent in the library," he always says. I have to agree- we'd probably never have to worry about money again.”
  
      “Despite the rising popularity of the downloadable e-text, I still care about physical books, gravitate to handsome editions and pretty dust jackets, and enjoy seeing rows of hardcovers on my shelves. Many people simply read fiction for pleasure and nonfiction for information. I often do myself. But I also think of some books as my friends and I like to have them around. They brighten my life.”
  
      “It's nice to know in my life Jesus is behind me. There have been times when I thought that I was going through my struggle myself. I was resentful of anyone that was happy around me since I was bitter that I had to go through , what I felt to be, a very unbearable trial. It was a good relief to know that I could talk to Jesus about my problems when I felt like I had no one else to talk to. It was comforting to know that He understood my dilemma when others couldn't.”
  
      “If someone had asked him, “Ben, are you lonely? , ” he would have looked at that someone with real surprise. The question had never even occurred to him. He had no friends, but he had his books and his dreams;”
  
      “…We feel different things. We like different things. It’s like they say with books, no two people ever read the same book. It’s the same with music, yo.”
  
      “Books, I think, are what magic smells like.”
  
      “Reading a book is like living a deep and fulfilling life. Watching a movie is like being a paralyzed person: watching others live their lives while you observe from the sidelines.”
  
      “Thus far, the only people who can grant you immortality are not scientists, but writers. By writing you into their books, they may not only immortalize you, but also grant you superpowers.”
  
      “The Kraken was somewhat obsessed with posture. As for Lily, she barely gave it a second thought. In her opinion it was better to read books than balance them. That’s what they were designed for, after all. And if you wanted to wear something on your head there was a perfectly good item designed for that too: it was called a hat.”
  
      “Books are the treasured wealth of the world and the fit inheritance of generations and nations. Books, the oldest and the best, stand naturally and rightfully on the shelves of every cottage.”
  
      “Warning...well-loved stories are habit forming...”
  
      “ज्या ज्या ग्रंथांच्या वाचनाने माझी आतली ज्याेत जास्त प्रज्वलित होत आहे आणि प्रकाशाचं आकाश असीम होत आहे असेच ग्रंथ माझे गुरू आहेत.”
  