https://www.goodreads.com/quotes/tag/books?page=63
      “Entrei numa livraria. Pus-me a contar os livros que há para ler e os anos que terei de vida. Não chegam! Não duro nem para metade da livraria! Deve haver certamente outras maneiras de uma pessoa se salvar, senão… estou perdido.”
  
      “You are the same today that you are going to be five years from now except for two things: the people with whom you associate and the books you read.”
  
      “[Books are] vital to learning. Half the population don't go to football matches but that doesn't make football any less important.”
  
      “All books are either dreams or swords.”
  
      “The only things that erased my lonliness were written works”
  
      “Donde no hay libros hace frío. Vale para las casas, las ciudades, los países. Un frío cataclismo, un páramo de amnesia”
  
      “Imagine a very long time passing - and I find my way out, following someone who already knows how to leave Hell. And God says to me on Earth for the first time, "Xas!" in a tone of discovery, as if I'm a misplaced pair of spectacles or a stray dog. And he puts it to me that he wants me in Heaven. But Lucifer has doubled back - it was him I followed - to find me, where I am, in a forest, smitten, because the Lord has noticed me, and I'm overcome, as hopeless as your dog Josie whom you got rid of because she loved me.' Xas glared at Sobran. Then he drew a breath - all had been said on only three. He went on: 'Lucifer says to God the He can't have me. And at this I sit up and tell Lucifer that I didn't even think he knew my name, then say to God no thank you - very insolent this - and that Hell is endurable so long as the books keep appearing.”
  
      “Let us not kid ourselves; let us remember that literature is of no use whatever, except in the very special case of somebody's wishing to become, of all things, a Professor of Literature.”
  
      “That afternoon he told me that the difference between human beings and animals was that human beings were able to dream while awake. He said the purpose of books was to permit us to exercise that faculty. Art, he said, was a controlled madness… He said books weren't made of themes, which you could write essays about, but of images that inserted themselves into your brain and replaced what you were seeing with your eyes.”
  
      “If the Holy Bible was printed as an Ace Double it would be cut down to two 20,000-word halves with the Old Testament retitled as ‘Master of Chaos’ and the New Testament as ‘The Thing With Three Souls.”
  
      “On my website there's a quote from the writer Anthony Burgess: "The greatest gift is the passion for reading. It is cheap, it consoles, it distracts, it excites, it gives you knowledge of the world and experience of a wide kind." 
      “We profit little by books we do not enjoy.”
  
      “Dream up a book on Monday, publish it on Friday.”
  
      “Private life, book life, took place where words met imagination without passing through the world.”
  
      “There is nothing magical in them at all. The magic is only in what books say, how they stitched the patches of the universe together into one garment for us.”
  
      “To Senor Sempere, the best friend a book could ever have: you opened the doors to the world for me and showed me how to go through them.”
  
      “...I am still librarian in your house, for I never was dismissed, and never gave up the office. Now I am librarian here as well.'
      “I love vast libraries; yet there is a doubt,
      “With slouch and swing around the ring
      “Almost I feel the pulsebeat of the ages, 
      “I would prefer to have one comfortable room well stocked with books to all you could give me in the way of decoration which the highest art could supply.”
  
      “If you can read & write then the opportunities are endless, if you just believe in yourself then anything is possible, you can become anyone and do anything, what’s more is, you can take others with you!”
  
      “The book is man's best invention so far.”
  
      “Many people can and have written books, but many have nothing to say.”
  
      “It had a crisp paper jacket, unlike the paper-covered library books I was used to, and the way the pages parted, I could tell I was the first to open it ... I valued that half-dream state of being lost in a book so much that I limited the number of pages I let myself read each day in order to put off the inevitable end, my banishment from that world. I still do this. ”
  
      “I wrote "David" because it seemed to me that children, who can love a book more passionately than any grown person, got such a lot of harmless entertainment and not enough real, valuable literature.”
  
      “Stories, A Portal to Anywhere but Here.”
  
      “Some men borrow books; some men steal books; and others beg presentation copies from the author.”
  
      “Kauf nie ein Buch um der Bewunderung anderer wegen.”
  
      “The worst book imaginable has a redeeming quality if it gets a young person to read.”
  