https://www.goodreads.com/quotes/tag/books?page=93
      “I love lying here with you, under the books.”
  
      “It was impossible to feel alone in a room full of favorite books. I had the sense that they knew me personally, that they'd read me cover to cover as I'd read them.”
  
      “We also wish to make it absolutely clear that Librarians should not attempt to use the Library to transport dinosaur eggs. And if they do disregard this rule, under no circumstances should they draw official in-world attention while doing so. In fact, we wish to remind all Librarians that they are here to collect books, not dinosaurs. Those Librarians who have problems distinguishing between the two should take a refresher course in Library basics.”
  
      “I think part of why I have so many books around me and why I read every day is because I mythologize the writer. I don’t do that with any other artists.”
  
      “[Kieran]his head propped on a stack of poetry books he’d brought from the library. Almost all of them had been inscribed on the inside cover by a James Herondale, who had neatly written out his favorite lines.”
  
      “I have never been drawn to luxury. I love the simple things; coffee shops, books, and people who try to understand.”
  
      “I had read four thousand pages of letters by Lawrence and I wanted thousands of pages more... I wanted them not to end. And yet, at the same time that I was wishing they would not come to an end, I was hurrying through these books because however much you are enjoying a book, however much you want it never to end, you are always eager for it 
      “You shouldn't write about your personal life', says the one feeling threatened by the truth to the writer.”
  
      “Sleeping with books is a vicious affair, I do not believe it will ever stop.”
  
      “It's stories that inspire people to change. It's stories that make them believe things can be better.”
  
      “Books make the soul float.”
  
      “Long ago, I stopped buying- let alone reading, books that talk about organizational success but fail to emphasize the importance of TRUST”
  
      “The idea of the book that matters most," Kiki said. "Because i think it's like impossible to pick such a book. When you read a book, and who you are when you read it, makes it matter or not. Like if you're unhappy and you read, I don't know, On the Road or The Three Musketeers, and that book changes how you fell or how you think, then it matters the most. At that time.”
  
      “Weet je wat ik zo bevrijdend vind? Antwoorden kunnen ‘een beetje juist’ zijn. Ik heb ontdekt dat ik dat best wel leuk vind. Ik wil mijn hele leven een beetje juist zijn. Niet te veel, gewoon een beetje. De wereld in de literatuur is grijs. En dat is goed, want ik heb jarenlang in zwart-wit geleefd. Grijs is prachtig.”
  
      “Every book has to wait for the right time to be read and understood.”
  
      “The feeling inside that she experienced when she saw the books was akin to the hunger she felt as food was put on the table at the end of the working day. And she knew that she needed this sustenance as surely as her body needed its fuel.”
  
      “Literature supplements the lives of people and enables us to feel connected with the world. Shared stories blunt a sense of tragic aloneness, and endow us with the tools to understand our humanness. Reading about the lives of other people acquaints us with the hardships of other people. The authorial voices of narrative prose express our shared feelings of deprivation”
  
      “But suddenly, Pentunia spied the Book. The firecrackers had blown it open so that the pages showed. She had never seen them before. Now she saw that there was something written inside the Book which she could not read. So she sat down and thought and thought and thought, until at last she sighed, 'Now I understand. It was not enough to carry wisdom under my wing. I must put it in my mind and in my heart. And to do that I must learn to read.”
  
      “I love the feel of a book. I love the touch and smell and sound of the pages. I love the 
      “Los libros lo cambiaron todo. Los libros, que se pueden comprar a bajo coste, nos permiten preguntarnos por el pasado con gran precisión, aprovechar la sabiduría de nuestra especie, entender el punto de vista de otros, y no solo de los que están en el poder; contemplar -con los mejores maestros- los conocimientos dolorosamente extraídos de la naturaleza por las mentes más grandes que jamás existieron, en todo el planeta y a lo largo de toda nuestra historia. Permiten que gente que murió hace tiempo hable dentro de nuestras cabezas. Los libros nos pueden acompañar a todas partes. Los libros son pacientes cuando nos cuesta entenderlos, nos permiten repasar las partes difíciles tantas veces como queramos y nunca critican nuestros errores. Los libros son la clave para entender el mundo y participar en una sociedad democrática.”
  
      “Happy be the reader plunged into her book who forgot the world and whom world forgot.”
  
      “Hey, pretty book, why don’t you lie in my lap awhile?”
  
      “kitaplık sahibi tüm insanlar gibi aurelianus da sahip olduğu bütün kitapları hakkını vererek okumamış olmakla suçlardı kendini.bu tartışma ona kitaplığının raflarında ihmal edildikleri için ayıplar gibi duran birçok kitabı gözden geçirme fırsatı verdi.(Çev.:Tomris Uyar)”
  
      “I'll live to be one year younger, because I can't stand the idea of a world without you in it, and die buried beneath an avalanche of my own books.”
  
      “Why read the current generation of text books when you have the ability to research and write the next generation of text books.”
  
      “Comedy doesn't makes your IQ higher....
      “Part of dedicating your life to studying literature is realizing that storytelling is more than just make-believe and that make-believe is far more important that we all pretend -- make believe -- it is. One way or another books tell the stories of their readers. But telling our lives is not the same as shaping them, whittling them away. Suddenly Jill had lost control. Her books had taken over and were in charge.”
  
      “Y después de coger a mi general le gustaba salir al patio a fumarse su cigarro y a pensar en la tristeza poscoito, en la pinche tristeza de la carne, en todos los libros que no había leído.”
  
      “Better watch her. She burns other people's books.”
  
      “I reached out and placed my hand on the book and thought maybe someday I wouldn't need the bruises or the scars anymore. Maybe someday it would be all right for the scars to go away.”
  