https://www.goodreads.com/quotes/tag/books?page=95
      “And I remember this man who never ran out of poems telling me once that knowing a book by heart is like carrying a house inside your chest.”
  
      “Words are just farts from a lot of fools who have swallowed too many books.”
  
      “Thank God for books, for validating your feelings, and letting you know you’re not alone.”
  
      “You can tell if someone really loves Books by the way they look at them, how they open and close them, how they turn the pages.”
  
      “Nothing is more hallowing than the union of kindred spirits in art. At the moment of meeting, the art lover transcends himself. At once he is and is not. He catches a glimpse of Infinity... Freed from the fetters of matter, his spirit moves in the rhythm of things. It is thus that art becomes akin to religion and ennobles mankind. It is this which makes a masterpiece something sacred.”
  
      “Never worry about a book corrupting a child. Worry if your children are not getting ideas from books.”
  
      “I never said you had to like it. You have to accept it. No regret. 
      “Don't let the covers fool you. Books, like lives, are wiggling, evolving, living things. They're not bound by pages or authors or schools of thought. They're not born when they're printed; in fact, they only start to live once they're read. So first of all, we thank you, reader. You dignify this work we do, and we're sincerely grateful for your time and attention.”
  
      “See, the sad thing about a guy like you is, in 50 years you're gonna start doin' some thinkin' on your own and you're going to come up with the fact that there are two certainties in life: one, don't do that, and two, you dropped 150 grand on a fuckin' education you could have got for a dollar fifty in late charges at the public library!”
  
      “And I remember this man who never ran out of poems telling me once that 'knowing a book by heart is like carrying a house inside your chest.”
  
      “(...) and spend my days surrounded by wise books, - bright windows in this life of ours, lit by the shining souls of men.”
  
      “A young woman forced to keep drunks supplied with beer and siblings with clean
      “Books, in all their variety, offer the human intellect the means whereby civilization may be carried triumphantly forward.”
  
      “Only two classes of books have universal appeal. The very best and the very worst.”
  
      “Well… Actually, just read any books you find interesting will do. Even books that seem boring aren’t actually that dull. It’s just that the reader couldn’t find the interesting parts.”
  
      “I have read 391 books... please
      “Non-fiction is to theory as fiction is to experience.”
  
      “One great book can change the perspective and understanding of a whole nation”
  
      “He who doesn't see the essence of books shall surely be ruled by those who find and value the real essence of books.”
  
      “Books and bookcases cropping up in stuff that I've written means that they have to be reproduced on stage or on film. This isn't as straightforward as it might seem. A designer will either present you with shelves lined with gilt-tooled library sets, the sort of clubland books one can rent by the yard as decor, or he or she will send out for some junk books from the nearest second-hand bookshop and think that those will do. Another short cut is to order in a cargo of remaindered books so that you end up with a shelf so garish and lacking of character it bears about as much of a relationship to literature as a caravan site does to architecture. A bookshelf is as particular to its owner as are his or her clothes; a personality is stamped on a library just as a shoe is shaped to the foot.”
  
      “I collected speech from so called "Smart", "Genius" nation... the judge is going to be made from you... 
      “I didn't doubt for a moment that she had read them all, or that they were the right books to own. Further, they seemed to be an organic combination of her mind and personality, whereas mine struck me as functionally separate, straining to describe a character I hoped to grow into.”
  
      “For DeHaven it was well worth the extra money to a federal budget that had always allocated more to war than it ever did to peaceful purposes. For a fraction of the cost of one missile he could purchase on the open market every work the library needed to round out its rare books collection. Yet politicians believed that missiles kept you safe, whereas actually books did, and for a simple reason. Ignorance caused wars, and people who read widely were seldom ignorant.”
  
      “Les livres les plus utiles sont ceux dont les lecteurs font eux-mêmes la moitié”
  
      “A happy childhood can fortify one against the ravages of life, and part of that happiness is found in books, which become our constant companions for the rest of our lives.”
  
      “Each book which so far is written is filled with a new thoughts... new images... new arguments... new discussions.”
  
      “It’s such a relief to know these are universal truths for so many of us in the adoption triad. Gosh, how much easier things could have been for you, for me, and your folks, if literature like this had been around, say, five, ten years ago, when we could’ve all really used it.”
  
      “I’m so glad to hear you are a reader, and you found these books to help you work through things on your own.”
  
      “For all her faults, it was actually my mom who instilled in me a love of reading, and books, for which I will always be grateful. She’s a complete bibliophile, so I’ve pretty much grown up around libraries and books.”
  
      “The books you have read and the knowledge and inspiration you have gained can never be taken away from you.”
  