https://www.goodreads.com/quotes/tag/books?page=56
      “The complexities of adult life get in the way of the truth.”
  
      “
      “Make careful choice of the books which you read: 
      “And Marianne, who had the knack of finding her way in every house to the library, however it might be avoided by the family in general, soon procured herself a book.”
  
      “Perhaps that is the best way to say it: printed books are magical, and real bookshops keep that magic alive.”
  
      “A book is never a masterpiece: it becomes one.”
  
      “I long ago abandoned myself to a blind lust for the written word. Literature is my sandbox. In it I play, build my forts and castles, spend glorious time. It is the world outside that box that gives me trouble. I have adapted tamely, though not conventionally, to this visible world so I can retreat without much inconvenience into my inner world of books.”
  
      “She had lolled about for three years at Girton with the kind of books she could equally have read at home--Jane Austen, Dickens, Conrad, all in the library downstairs, in complete sets. How had that pursuit, reading the novels that others took as their leisure, let her think she was superior to anyone else?”
  
      “Writers Are Insane. For months we are lone wolves locked in our caves. Then overnight we become publicity hounds. It's a schizophrenic business.”
  
      “We have to report this." 
      “No one stepping for the first time into a room made of books can know instinctively how to behave, what is expected, what is promised, what is allowed. One may be overcome by horror--at the cluster or the vastness, the stillness, the mocking reminder of everything one doesn't know, the surveillance--and some of that overwhelming feeling may cling on, even after the rituals and conventions are learned, the geography mapped, and the natives found friendly.”
  
      “Literature simply becomes richer after you've been fired, rejected, stranded, or had to change a few midnight diapers.”
  
      “A book is the only immortality”
  
      “The summer passed quietly. I busied myself as best I could, reading a good deal.”
  
      “There's a book for everyone, even if they don't think there is. A book that reaches in and grabs your soul.”
  
      “[Books] were devices as crassly practical for storing or transmitting language, as the latest Silicon Valley miracles. But by accident, not by cunning calculation, books, because of their weight and texture, and because of their sweetly token resistance to manipulation, involve our hands and eyes, and then our mind and souls, in a spiritual adventure.”
  
      “There are times when I think that the ideal library is composed solely of reference books. They are like understanding friends—always ready to meet your mood, always ready to change the subject when you have had enough of this or that.”
  
      “There's nothing so heavy as books, sir--unless it's bricks.”
  
      “It must be that people who read go on more macrocosmic and microcosmic trips – biblical god trips, the Tibetan Book of the Dead, Ulysses, Finnegan’s Wake trips. Non-readers, what do they get? (They get the munchies.)”
  
      “It is not all books that are as dull as their readers.”
  
      “But after all we are not children, not illiterate juvenile delinquents, not English public school boys who after a night of homosexual romps have to endure the paradox of reading the Ancients in expurgated versions.”
  
      “The spirits of the brain are directly connected to the testicles. This is why men who weary their imagination in books are less suitable for procreative functions...”
  
      “Books have long been instruments of the divinatory arts. ”
  
      “The waltz held the feeling you get when you finish a well-loved book. It left me longing for something I couldn't name.”
  
      “Most books are so well written they barely have any effect on the reader’s senses”
  
      “....her life would be a giddy crossword, working down from some clues and across from others.”
  
      “He says he knows someone isn't from the same race as he when that person looks at his library and asks, 'Have you read all of these?' A true book lover knows that, no, he hasn't read them all. It's about the process, it's about when the right reference comes up, you have the right book to go to; it's about never being without something to occupy your eyes and mind.”
  
      “The book exists for us perchance which will explain our miracles and reveal new ones. The at present unutterable things we may find somewhere uttered. These same questions that disturb and puzzle and confound us have in their turn occurred to all the wise men; not one has been omitted; and each has answered them, according to his ability, by his words and his life.”
  
      “Do you love tragedies and everything that breaks the heart?”
  
      “Collect books, even if you don’t plan on reading them right away. Filmmaker John Waters has said, “Nothing is more important than an unread library.”
  