https://www.goodreads.com/quotes/tag/books?page=89
      “Think of these books as doors. Open them and let their ideas stir your mind. Study them and they become weapons.”
  
      “Child, all books are magic. Just think,' he said, 'about what books make people do. People go to war on the basis of what they read in books. They believe in "facts" just because they are written down. They decide to adopt political systems, to travel to one place rather than another, to give up their job and go on a great adventure, to love or to hate. All books have tremendous power. And power is magic.' 'But are these books really magic...?”
  
      “It plumps up your thinker and fills up your heart. And where you end up is not where you start.”
  
      “I am a wall. I am a wall. I am a wall. I am a giant and I tower above you. I am a giant and I can't hear your voice. There is familiarity in this. I spent years like this growing up, my mother hovering over my every move, me responding monosyllabically, face blank, voice blank, heart blank. It is a coping mechanism and it is easy, if you are able to block out false promises of love with the understanding of what love has become.”
  
      “If you don't read books, and if you don't get consumed by the physical and moral life of men and women in fiction and history, too many facets of yourself may never come into being.”
  
      “It is often much harder to get rid of books than it is to acquire them. They stick to us in that pact of need and oblivion we make with them, witnesses to a moment in our lives we will never see again. 
      “The Holy Bible is sacred book.”
  
      “A book is like life, there are only so many chapters.”
  
      “You taught me to think, and you put ideas in my head. People read to forget. Books don't change the world, ji. You didn't tell me that. You talked of the dignity of the human spirit to a hijra.”
  
      “The joy of reading is grace of renewal of mind.”
  
      “To read is to renew thy mind.”
  
      “If you wish to renew your mind, read.”
  
      “I had a renewal of mind, when I begin to read.”
  
      “I am thankful to my teachers who taught me how to read.”
  
      “Let your love for books grow, as your confidence grows too.”
  
      “The love of books was an instant connection, and a true boon for a girl who tended toward shyness, because it was a source of endless conversation.”
  
      “Books are the way to stretch out people's souls, and I won't have children with small souls.”
  
      “Is a self help or personal development book ruining your life?”
  
      “It was, in many ways, her dream bookshop. Not least because all the books had already been read.
      “This book is a story, and like all stories, it should be taken with a grain of salt.”
  
      “Books and workshops and gurus are great, but the very best teacher for your mind is, and will always be, your heart.”
  
      “Quiet,” she hissed at me, her voice shockingly aggressive for such a small person. “Otherwise, I’ll shut you up myself.”
  
      “I was just thinking that it would be nice if, for once in a while, life made things easier,” I told him, feeling annoyed. “Why does life have to throw impossible tasks at us all the time for crying out loud?” 
      “I was going to become a human sand burger.”
  
      “It was as if she was a wannabe Persian cat who had just tasted sour milk.”
  
      “Clearly, this was another thing I needed to add to the: ‘repetitive cycle of things that were constantly happening in my life’ list, which currently contained fainting and my ability to find trouble.”
  
      “Of course they were eaten,” he retorted, his eyes flashing in cold humour. “Trolls generally aren’t exactly renowned for being vegetarians.”
  
      “It’s tough, but if you want to survive, sometimes you have to do the seemingly impossible.”
  
      “Well…it’s whether you want to face certain death by taking a risk on the other route or almost certain death by scaling the walls?” she replied. “Therefore, for me, considering our options, it’s a no brainer.”
  
      “Man I’m hot,” I exclaimed, fanning myself. The combination of climbing out of the cave and the sun meant that I was perspiring like crazy. 