https://www.goodreads.com/quotes/tag/books?page=86
      “Her skin smells of vintage books and pale moonlight, exotic things, forbidden loves and rainy nights.”
  
      “Un libro es el mejor medio de transporte: te lleva lejos, no contamina, llega puntual, sale barato y nunca marea.”
  
      “Reading is air in my lungs, fire in my blood, company in my thoughts.”
  
      “Tidak ada buku yang sempurna, cuma ada buku yang siap.”
  
      “God, I don't love much but I love words.”
  
      “A library is a sacred place where the voices of the ancients can still be heard if we but give them the required silence.”
  
      “You can’t give what you don’t have. To write, you must read. To write well, read well.”
  
      “Books have given me a magic portal to connect with people of the past and the present. I know I shall never feel lonely or powerless again.”
  
      “Once I am at leisure, said Salvatore, I take refuge in prose as one might in a boat. All day long I am surrounded by the clamour on the editorial floor, but in the evening I cross over to an island, and every time, the moment I read the first sentences, it is as if I were rowing far out on the water. It is thanks to my evening reading alone that I am still more or less sane.”
  
      “I always returned from my travels with new books.”
  
      “You can only learn to read by reading.”
  
      “I'm always amazed that people will stand around books for hours and only look at the spine. I think I should write a book called "the power of having a spine" - #metaphor”
  
      “You don’t become a good writer overnight. It takes persistence and repetition to gain mastery.”
  
      “You may receive a pie, eat it and forget. You may receive champagne, drink it and forget. But when you receive a book, you can open it again and again.”
  
      “I was well-read but perhaps that only made me stupid.”
  
      “How could you renew your mind, if you never read?”
  
      “More peoples getting satisfaction in wealth but real wealth is knowledge, knowledge is organized in books and books are available in the libraries.”
  
      “Binele unei cărţi constă în a fi citită. O carte este făcută din semne, care vorbesc de alte semne, carele, la rândul lor, vorbesc despre lucruri. Fără un ochi care să le citească, o carte poartă semne care nu produc concepte, şi deci mută.”
  
      “Siempre encontrarás un libro que te apoye. Los libros son leales.”
  
      “Los libros son seres vivos. Hay que cuidarlos mucho.”
  
      “Fictional characters exert a great deal of influence over our choices in love by representing inaccessible ideals to which we try to make others conform, usually without success. But more subtly, too, the books we love offer a sketch of a whole universe that we secretly inhabit, and in which we desire the other person to assume a role.”
  
      “Our relation to books is a shadowy space haunted by the ghosts of memory, and the real value of books lies in their ability to conjure these specters.”
  
      “In the end he read everything that came his way, and he did not have a favorite author but rather many who had been favorites at different times.”
  
      “Reading is all about losing and finding yourself.”
  
      “You don't have books?!' Rose almost sat up and banged her head on the roof rafters. That made the rats jump. 'How can you live without reading?'
      “Of all the things which man can do or make here below, by far the most momentous, wonderful, and worthy are the things we call books.”
  
      “What would you do if you were a goddess, Cotswold?"
      “She marched to the door and said, "if I ever marry, Patrick O'Sullivan, I shall make sure that my mate for life is a decent woman, or even, maybe, a book.”
  
      “If you want to know the place, Go see the local book store.”
  
      “Amazing how money would simplify problems like ours. We wouldn't go wild at all, but write & travel & study all of our lives - which I hope we do anyway. And have a house apart, by the side of no road, with country about & a study & walls of bookcases.”
  