https://www.goodreads.com/quotes/tag/books?page=53
      “Only if the third necessary thing could be given us. Number one, as I said: quality of information. Number two: leisure to digest it. And number three: the right to carry out actions based on what we learn from the interaction of the first two.”
  
      “Your goodness must have some edge to it -- else it is none.”
  
      “It was also a room full of books and made of books. There was no actual furniture; this is to say, the desk and chairs were shaped out of books. It looked as though many of them were frequently referred to, because they lay open with other books used as bookmarks.”
  
      “Steadily, the room shrank, till the book thief could touch the shelves within a few small steps. She ran the back of her hand along the first shelf, listening to the shuffle of her fingernails gliding across the spinal cord of each book. It sounded like an instrument, or the notes of running feet. She used both hands. She raced them. One shelf against the other. And she laughed. Her voice was sprawled out, high in her throat, and when she eventually stopped and stood in the middle of the room, she spent many minutes looking from the shelves to her fingers and back again. 
      “The reason why so few good books are written is that so few people who can write know anything. ”
  
      “Should he give free reign to his desires, the bibliomaniac can ruin his life along with the lives of his loved ones. He'll often take better care of his books than of his own health; he'll spend more on fiction than he does on food; he'll be more interested in his library than in his relationships, and, since few people are prepared to live in a place where every available surface is covered with piles of books, he'll often find himself alone, perhaps in the company of a neglected and malnourished cat. When he dies, all but forgotten, his body might fester for days before a curious neighbor grows concerned about the smell.”
  
      “With a book he was regardless of time.”
  
      “People will perish, but books are immortal. (Pompeii)”
  
      “What we have in life that we can count on is who we are and where we come from, she thought absently. For better or worse, that is what we have to sustain us in our endevors, to buttress us in our darker moments, and to remind us of our identity. Without those things, we are adrift.”
  
      “I have no particular plan in life - and that's something I rather like. Most things that people do seem to me to be rather dull and silly. In my ideal life I'd be left alone to read”
  
      “I decided long ago that life's absurd. If you don't develop a sense of humor, it will drive you mad.”
  
      “Book lust forever!”
  
      “The paper landed on the table, but the news was stapled to his chest. A tattoo.”
  
      “They were perfectly suited. They would speak of books the livelong day and night and bore everyone else but themselves to distraction.”
  
      “Amanda took the torn page from Maniac. To her, it was the broken wing of a bird, a pet out in the rain.”
  
      “There were adventure stories supplied with cloths for mopping your brow, thrillers containing pressed leaves of soothing valerian to be sniffed when the suspense became too great, and books with stout locks sealed by the Atlantean censorship authorities ("Sale permitted, reading prohibited!"). One shop sold nothing but 'half' works that broke off in the middle because their author had died while writing them; another specialised in novels whose protagonists were insects. I also saw a Wolperting shop that sold nothing but books on chess and another patronised exclusively by dwarfs with blond beards, all of whom wore eye-shades.”
  
      “Our clients' faces, with the customary outward paleness and inner glow of the book lover.”
  
      “You will, I am sure, agree with me that... if page 534 only finds us in the second chapter, the length of the first one must have been really intolerable.”
  
      “What should I get from books?” Alcide asked in French.
      “Books! tis a dull and endless strife:
      “Surprise!-FitzChivalry”
  
      “Reading is sometimes an ingenious device for avoiding thought.”
  
      “You're like, both like, Alexander the Great.'
      “How the excitement comes upon me to tell it all! In the quest of writing, the heart can speed up with anticipation--as it does, indeed, during the chase itself of whales. I can swear it, having done both, and I will tell YOU though other writers may not. My heart is beating fast; I am in pursuit; I want my victory--that you should see and hear and above all feel the reality behind these words. For they are but a mask. Not the mask that conceals, not a mask that I would have you strike through as mere appearance, or, worse, deceitful appearance. Words need not be that kind of mask, but a mask such as the ancient Greek actors wore, a mask that expresses rather than conceals the inner drama.
      “The face of the water, in time, became a wonderful book- a book that was a dead language to the uneducated passenger, but which told its mind to me without reserve, delivering its most cherished secrets as clearly as if it uttered them with a voice. And it was not a book to be read once and thrown aside, for it had a new story to tell every day.”
  
      “A favorite song or tune may stay on your mind for hours. A good book will stay on your mind until you find another.”
  
      “Every reader has found charms by which to secure possession of a page that, by magic, becomes as if never read before, fresh and immaculate.”
  
      “If you have feelings about reading, you feel the rhythm of prose or of a poem like music. It awakens something in your soul and then of course you study, read, you grow up and you begin to understand the message and that is the first step towards understanding life.”
  
      “I followed her into the library. The pale light from our chamber below dissipated in the room, but I could still make out – my heart leapt at the sight – row after row, shelf above shelf, floor to ceiling, a city of books. Speck turned to me and asked, Now, what shall we read first?”
  
      “Lire un bon livre, ça redonne envie de vivre, ça vous donne envie de partir, A la recherche du temps perdu.”
  