https://www.goodreads.com/quotes/tag/books?page=42
      “I love inscriptions on flyleaves and notes in margins, I like the comradely sense of turning pages someone else turned, and reading passages someone long gone has called my attention to.”
  
      “Standing there, staring at the long shelves crammed with books, I felt myself relax and was suddenly at peace.”
  
      “There are good books which are only for adults.
      “When I am dead, I hope it may be said, 'His sins were scarlet, but his books were read.”
  
      “The world belongs to those who read.”
  
      “All novels are sequels; influence is bliss.”
  
      “When you read to a child, when you put a book in a child's hands, you are bringing that child news of the infinitely varied nature of life. You are an awakener.”
  
      “You not only are hunted by others, you unknowingly hunt yourself.”
  
      “
      “Libraries are not made; they grow. Good as it is to inherit a library, it is better to collect one.”
  
      “-- that books were mirrors, reflective in sometimes unpredictable ways.”
  
      “But the penciled sheets did not seem like nor smell like the library book so she had given it up, consoling herself with the vow that when she grew up, she would work hard, save money and buy every single book that she liked.”
  
      “Sir,’ said Stephen, ‘I read novels with the utmost pertinacity. I look upon them--I look upon good novels--as a very valuable part of literature, conveying more exact and finely-distinguished knowledge of the human heart and mind than almost any other, with greater breadth and depth and fewer constraints.”
  
      “We were never organized readers who would see a book through to its end in any sory of logical order. We weave in and out of words like tourists on a hop-on, hop-off bus tour. Put a book down in the kitchen to go to the bathroom and you might return to find it gone, replaced by another of equal interest. We are indiscriminate.”
  
      “مهما كان توجهك في الحياة حاول في كل يوم أن تبذل القليل من الجهد لقراءة المقالات أو الكتب التي تخالفك الرأي وكل ما تفعله هو توسيع مدراكك وفتح قلبك أمام الجديد من الأفكار وسيقلل هذا الإنفتاح الجديد من التوتر الذي يسببه الإبتعاد عن وجهات النظر الأخرى وهذا التمرين بالإضافة إلى كونه شائقاً سوف يساعدك على رؤية البراءة في تصرفات الغير علاوة على مساعدتك في التحلي بالمزيد من الصبر كما سيزداد استرخاؤك وتصبح إنساناً أعمق فلسفة لأنك ستبدأ بإدراك المنطق وراء وجهات النظر الأخرى.”
  
      “There are books that one reads over and over again, books that become part of the furniture of one’s mind and alter one’s whole attitude to life, books that one dips into but never reads through, books that one reads at a single sitting and forgets a week later:”
  
      “-You're pretty hard-boiled, Tinker Bell.
      “The first time I read an excellent work, it is to me just as if I gained a new friend; and when I read over a book I have perused before, it resembles the meeting of an old one.”
  
      “We keep quiet about what we read. Our enjoyment of a book remains a jealously guarded secret. Perhaps because there`s no need to talk, or because it takes time to distill what we've read before we can say anything. Silence is our guarantee of intimacy. We might have finished reading but we`re still living
      “Ordinarily my mom just sunk deeper into her corner of the couch and ignored it. She had succesfully ignored a quarter of a century of entropy and decay, had sat peacefully crunching popcorn and drinking soda while the house fell down around us. If I had to guess the number of books she read during that time, I would place the number at somewhere in the neighborhood of forty thousand.”
  
      “And so I'm me again, Leo. Thanks to the example of a five-year-old. I'm hoping you wouldn't want it any other way. Not that you weren't flattered, right? I mean, to have a girl two thousand miles away going to pieces over you, weeping at the mere memory of you, losing her appetite, losing herself and self-respect - well, that's trophy enough for any guy's ego, huh?”
  
      “Epics are never written about libraries. They exist on whim; it depends on if the conquering army likes to read.”
  
      “Books are precious things, but more than that, they are the strong backbone of civilization. They are the thread upon which it all hangs, and they can save us when all else is lost.”
  
      “If nothing else, a house is a place to keep books in.”
  
      “In a library we are surrounded by many hundreds of dear friends, but they are imprisoned by an enchanter in these paper and leathern boxes; and though they know us, and have been waiting two, ten, or twenty centuries for us,—some of them,—and are eager to give us a sign and unbosom themselves, it is the law of their limbo that they must not speak until spoken to; and as the enchanter has dressed them, like battalions of infantry, in coat and jacket of one cut, by the thousand and ten thousand, your chance of hitting on the right one is to be computed by the arithmetical rule of Permutation and Combination,—not a choice out of three caskets, but out of half a million caskets, all alike.”
  
      “With thought, patience, and discrimination, book passion becomes the signature of a person's character. ”
  
      “* نجلاء .. 
      “A book with the genuine power to stir and comfort its readers.”
  
      “To admit authorities, however heavily furred and gowned, into our libraries and let them tell us how to read, what to read, what value to place upon what we read, is to destroy the spirit of freedom which is the breath of those sanctuaries. Everywhere else we may be bound by laws and conventions—there we have none.”
  
      “Se puede vivir sin leer, es cierto: pero también se puede vivir sin amar: el argumento hace aguas como una balsa capitaneada por ratas... Sólo quien ha estado enamorado sabe lo que el amor regala y quita: sólo quien ha leído sabe si la vida merece la pena de ser vivida sin la conciencia de aquellos hombres y mujeres que nos han escrito mil veces antes de que naciéramos. Y que nadie se sonría ante estas líneas. Por una vez, y sin que sirva de precedente, han sido escritas sólo desde la emoción.”
  