https://www.goodreads.com/quotes/tag/books?page=50
      “Handle a book as a bee does a flower, extract its sweetness but do not damage it.”
  
      “He loved books; books are cold but safe friends.”
  
      “I don't understand your book. Isn't every book a book of words?”
  
      “I guess that’s the beauty of books. When they finish they don’t really finish.”
  
      “No writing is wasted. Did you know that sourdough from San Francisco is leavened partly by a bacteria called lactobacillus sanfrancisensis? It is native to the soil there, and does not do well elsewhere. But any kitchen can become an ecosystem. If you bake a lot, your kitchen will become a happy home to wild yeasts, and all your bread will taste better. Even a failed loaf is not wasted. Likewise, cheese makers wash the dairy floor with whey. Tomato gardeners compost with rotten tomatoes. No writing is wasted: the words you can't put in your book can wash the floor, live in the soil, lurk around in the air. They will make the next words better.”
  
      “‎He often envied people who hadn't read his favourite books. They had such happiness before them.”
  
      “Life is like writing with a pen. You can cross out your past but you can't erase it.”
  
      “There is no happiness in love, except at the end of an English novel.”
  
      “But I loved the library simply because it was a library. I love libraries. I like reading, but I love libraries. Being surrounded by books makes me feel safe, the way some people need trees or mountains around them to feel secure. Not me – nature’s not what I cling to. I cling to books.”
  
      “But to her, libraries were like hotels: secret villages inhabited by passing strangers from a thousand different worlds brought together just for a few hours.”
  
      “Reading alters the appearance of a book. Once it has been read, it never looks the same again, and people leave their individual imprint on a book they have read. Once of the pleasures of reading is seeing this alteration on the pages, and the way, by reading it, you have made the book yours.”
  
      “I had always turned to books, to knowledge, to help me get through everything in my life—and,
      “A book is a collaboration between the one who reads and what is read and, at its best, that coming together is a love story like any other.”
  
      “Reading a novel after reading semiotic theory was like jogging empty-handed after jogging with hand weights. What exquisite guilt she felt, wickedly enjoying narrative! Madeleine felt safe with a nineteenth century novel. There were going to be people in it. Something was going to happen to them in a place resembling the world. Then too there were lots of weddings in Wharton and Austen. There were all kinds of irresistible gloomy men.”
  
      “An English writer telephoned me from London, asking questions. One was, ‘What’s your alma mater?’ I told him, ‘Books.”
  
      “Books smell and feel better. They have that wonderful thingness of turning the pages.”
  
      “I dont write books so that you can be fascinated with me. I write them so you can be fascinated with YOU!”
  
      “A book is a mirror; if an ass peers into it, you can't expect an apostle to peer out.”
  
      “A house without books must be sad. Even sadder a house of books without people.”
  
      “A precious, mouldering pleasure 't is
      “Ein Buch muß die Axt sein für das gefrorene Meer in uns.”
  
      “Because to the poor, books are not diversions. Book are siege weapons.”
  
      “I need words and print... I need print like an addict. I could live without it, perhaps. But I hope I never have to try.”
  
      “I love the smell of a new book, but I prefer inhaling fresh bottles of ink and glue. They get me more lightheaded – unless I read the book.”
  
      “There was nothing particularly special about her, except that she was good with numbers, and very good at lying, and she made her home in between the pages of books.”
  
      “All I'm saying is that there is more to life than the main story. Check out the notes in the margins because maybe they're even more important.”
  
      “I'm an open book. But some of the pages are stuck together.”
  
      “Many a man lives a burden to the Earth, but a good book is the precious life-blood of a master spirit, imbalmed and treasured up on purpose to a life beyond life.”
  
      “The idea of a library full of books, the books full of knowledge, fills me with fear and love and courage and endless wonder.”
  
      “I have done what people do, my life makes a reasonable showing. Can I go back to my books now?”
  