https://www.goodreads.com/quotes/tag/books?page=57
      “الكتب كالبشر .. قليل منها يلعب دورا عظيما”
  
      “Yes, the stories are dangerous, she was right. A book is a magic carpet that flies you off elsewhere. A book is a door. You open it. You step through. Do you come back?”
  
      “[A]s Agatha Swanburne once said, 'To be kept waiting is unfortunate, but to be kept waiting with nothing interesting to read is a tragedy of Greek proportions.”
  
      “But Neve, you can’t start a book and leave it halfway through,’ he’d said implacably. ‘It’s almost as bad as turning down the corner of the page, instead of using a bookmark.”
  
      “Make no mistake, those who write long books have nothing to say.
      “Until recently, I was an ebook sceptic, see; one of those people who harrumphs about the “physical pleasure of turning actual pages” and how ebook will “never replace the real thing”. Then I was given a Kindle as a present. That shut me up. Stock complaints about the inherent pleasure of ye olde format are bandied about whenever some new upstart invention comes along. Each moan is nothing more than a little foetus of nostalgia jerking in your gut. First they said CDs were no match for vinyl. Then they said MP3s were no match for CDs. Now they say streaming music services are no match for MP3s. They’re only happy looking in the rear-view mirror.”
  
      “Books were my passion and my escape from madness.”
  
      “Ereaders were a great convenience, but nothing could beat the smell of a library and old books.”
  
      “There is much you can learn from books and scrolls. These books are my friends, my companions. They make me laugh and cry and find meaning in life.”
  
      “I'm not courting death; I've far too many books left to read.”
  
      “I realise people exist who don't read. But it's like I knew there were people who didn't breathe or eat: I can't imagine a life like that.”
  
      “What is more important to a library than anything else -- than everything else -- is the fact that it exists."
      “Judge not lest ye be judged yourself.”
  
      “If a book did nothing else for you, other than to save you from the company of other people; if all it did was to deliver you from their gossip, and their dull affairs, and their appalling manners, and their rotten Arabic, and their stupid ideas, and their woefully misguided opinions, and above all, from the need to be polite to them; if a book did nothing more than that, it would still be the best friend you ever had.”
  
      “A book is the cheapest ticket you will ever hold.”
  
      “I spend many hours in conversation with wonderful characters from fantastic books.”
  
      “Readers, not critics, are the people who determine a book's eventual fate.”
  
      “For a game, you don’t need a teacher.”
  
      “We read in slow, long motions, as if drifting in space, weightless. We read full of prejudice, malignantly. We read generously, making excuses for the text, filling gaps, mending faults. And sometimes, when the stars are kind, we read with an intake of breath, with a shudder... as if a memory had suddenly been rescued from a place deep within us--the recognition of something we never knew was there...”
  
      “الفارق بين الأدب الحقيقي حين يتعرض لموقف جنسي وبين الكتابة الرخيصة التي تصور المواقف الجنسية بقصد الإثارة والرواج هو نية الكاتب وفلسفته، وهذا لا يمكن الحكم عليه إلا بشعور القاريء وما خرج به من القصة أو العمل الفني، فإذا خرج من مطالعة عمل فني باحساس المتعة الجسدية فقط، وكان هذا هو كل ما ترسب في نفسك منه فأنت أمام عمل الغرض منه الاثارة الجنسية ، لأن هذا هو ما حصلته منه فعلا، ولكن عندما تبقى في نفسك مباديء أخرى تترسب من الموقف الجنسي، بمعنى أنك عندما تطالع عملاً أدبياً موضوعه الجنس ولكنه يؤدي بك إلى التفكير في شيء اجتماعي أو روحي أو فكري فإنك في هذه الحالة لا تكون أمام عمل القصد منه الإثارة الجنسية لا أكثر.”
  
      “Yes, we'll have to put a stop to this bookworming. No future in that.”
  
      “I kiss her. I kiss her and kiss her. I try not to bite her lip. She tastes like vodkahoney.”
  
      “I've always loved joining clubs--although, in truth, they're usually book clubs." ~Robecca Steam”
  
      “I'm not trying to please anyone. I'm just trying to write a damn book.”
  
      “Its better to hold a book between your Fingers than to Hold a Cigarette.”
  
      “It is not all books that are as dull as their readers. There are probably words addressed to our condition exactly, which, if we could really hear and understand, would be more salutary than the morning or the spring to our lives, and possibly put a new aspect on the face of things for us. How many a man has dated a new era in his life from the reading of a book.”
  
      “I doubt if ever one ceases to love, but one can cease to be in love as easily as one can outgrow an author one admired as a boy.”
  
      “What is more natural than that a solidity, a complicity, a bond should be established between Reader and Reader, thanks to the book?
      “Better to keep it in the old heads, where no one can see it or suspect it. We are all bits and pieces of history and literature and international law. Byron, Tom Paine, Machiavelli, or Christ, it's here. And the hour's late. And the war's begun. And we are out here, and the city is there, all wrapped up in its own coat of a thousand colors... All we want to do is keep the knowledge we think we will need intact and safe. We're not out to incite or anger anyone yet. For if we are destroyed, the knowledge is dead, perhaps for good... Right now we have a horrible job; we're waiting for the war to begin and, as quickly, end. It's not pleasant, but then we're not in control, we're the odd minority crying in the wilderness. When the war's over, perhaps we can be of some use in the world.”
  
      “There is something nice about a library, isn't there?" Mr. Curtis said. He nodded and took in the familiar scenery. "The scent of ink and worn, dusty pages.”
  