https://www.goodreads.com/quotes/tag/books?page=55
      “All writers are vain, selfish, and lazy, and at the very bottom of their motives there lies a mystery. Writing a book is a horrible, exhausting struggle, like a long bout of some painful illness. One would never undertake such a thing if one were not driven on by some demon whom one can neither resist nor understand. For all one knows that demon is simply the same instinct that makes a baby squall for attention. And yet it is also true that one can write nothing readable unless one constantly struggles to efface one's own personality. Good prose is like a windowpane.”
  
      “Lest soviel ihr könnt! Lest Straßenschilder und Speisekarten, lest die Anschläge im Bürgermeisteramt, lest von mir aus Schundliteratur - aber lest! Lest! Sonst seid ihr verloren!”
  
      “It has always been a happy thought to me that the creek runs on all night, new every minute, whether I wish it or know it or care, as a closed book on a shelf continues to whisper to itself its own inexhaustible tale.”
  
      “Sempre gostei de procurar livros, não quero saber onde estão, basta-me saber que existem.”
  
      “Leaving behind the babble of the plaza, I enter the Library. I feel, almost physically, the gravitation of the books, the enveloping serenity of order, time magically dessicated and preserved.”
  
      “To tell you the truth, I used to consider it a disgrace to be found ignorant by other people. But now, I find that I am not ashamed of knowing less than others, and I'm less inclined to force myself to read books. In short, I have grown old and decrepit.”
  
      “There are treasures in books that all the money in the world cannot buy, but the poorest laborer can have for nothing.”
  
      “If your friend wishes to read your 'Plutarch's Lives,' 'Shakespeare,' or 'The Federalist Papers,' tell him gently but firmly, to buy a copy. You will lend him your car or your coat - but your books are as much a part of you as your head or your heart.”
  
      “For him that stealeth, or borroweth and returneth not, this book from its owner,
      “Books are those faithful mirrors that reflect to our mind the minds of sages and heroes.”
  
      “In a second-hand bookshop head to the back, find the old books with dust undisturbed and worn off covers for these clothe true treasures.”
  
      “There is a great deal of difference between an eager man who wants to read a book, and a tired man who wants a book to read.”
  
      “Can you tell me what happened?"
      “To my mind there is nothing so beautiful or so provocative as a secondhand book store...To me it is astonishing and miraculous to think that any one of us can poke among the stalls for something to read overnight--and that this something may be the sum of a lifetime of sweat, tears, and genius that some poor, struggling, blessed fellow expended trying to teach us the truth.”
  
      “Be passionate about what you write, believe in your ability to convey timeless ideas, and let no one tell you what what you're capable of.”
  
      “A book unwritten is a delightful universe of infinite possibilities. Set down one word, however, and it immediately becomes earthbound. Set down one sentence and it’s halfway to being just like every other bloody book that’s ever been written.”
  
      “The book can produce an addiction as fierce as heroin or nicotine, forcing us to spend much of our lives, like junkies, in book shops and libraries, those literary counterparts to the opium den.”
  
      “One sheds ones sickness in books- repeats and presents again ones emotions, to be master of them.”
  
      “Sure, I knew the differences between a space opera and a hard-boiled detective story and a historical novel...but I never 
      “Sometimes the things in our heads are far worse than anything they could put in books or on film!!”
  
      “I could not resist the 
      “Every new book we read in our brief and busy lives means that a classic is left unread.”
  
      “Perhaps they were looking for passion; perhaps they delved into this book as into a mysterious parcel - a gift box at the bottom of which, hidden in layers of rustling tissue paper, lay something they'd always longed for but couldn't ever grasp.”
  
      “. . . she read with undifferentiated glee . . .”
  
      “Every article and review and book that I have ever published has constituted an appeal to the person or persons to whom I should have talked before I dared to write it. I never launch any little essay without the hope—and the fear, because the encounter may also be embarrassing—that I shall draw a letter that begins, 'Dear Mr. Hitchens, it seems that you are unaware that…' It is in this sense that authorship is collaborative with 'the reader.' And there's no help for it: you only find out what you ought to have known by pretending to know at least some of it already.
      “A general cry of "What book? What book? Let us see this famous book!”
  
      “Lanzarme con otro libro es tan grave como enamorarme, un impulso alocado que exige dedicación fanática. Con cada uno, como ante un nuevo amor, me pregunto si me alcanzarán las fuerzas para escribirlo y si acaso semejante proyecto vale la pena: hay demasiadas páginas inútiles y demasiados amoríos frustrados.”
  
      “Over there!" 
      “As with companions so with books. We may choose those which will make us better, more intelligent, more appreciative of the good and the beautiful in the world, or we may choose the trashy, the vulgar, the obscene, which will make us feel as though we've been 'wallowing in the mire.”
  
      “I have known men to hazard their fortunes, go long journeys halfway about the world, forget friendships, even lie, cheat, and steal, all for the gain of a book.”
  