https://www.goodreads.com/quotes/tag/books?page=87
      “Delighted," Jess said. "I think all houses should be stuffed with books. It makes them--"
      “You'll find magic everywhere, even in dark, dusty corners, if you stop searching with your limited human eyes and instead feel with your naked soul.”
  
      “Even the most ill-formed words, set to paper, are a great blessing.”
  
      “Coffee and books are a simple recipe for happiness.”
  
      “I knew all about reading a lot. About how it could take you to a world what was better than the real one. A world where there were adventures and mysteries and magic. Except, of course, books ended eventually, and then you had to go back to being yourself.”
  
      “The house is seventies modern with sliding windows, gas-effect and a giant TV in the living room. There are almost no books. I'm not making any judgement. It's just the sort of thing I can't help but notice.”
  
      “When the corpses of [Sir John] Franklin's officers and crew were later discovered, miles from their ships, the men were found to have left behind their guns but to have lugged such essentials as monogrammed silver cutlery, a backgammon board, a cigar case, a clothes brush, a tin of button polish, and a copy of "The Vicar of Wakefield." These men may have been incompetent bunglers, but, by God, they were gentlemen.”
  
      “ربما لأنها قالت لى ذات مرة إن اسمها لم يكن حمامة, و إنها اختارت هذا الاسم كى ينادوها به لأنها تريد أن تطير بعيدا, حرة مثل الحمام 
      “He saw a square room furnished as a library. The entire section of the walls which he could spy was covered from floor to ceiling with books. There were volumes of every size, every shape, every colour. There were long, narrow books that held themselves like grenadiers at stiff attention. There were short, fat books that stood solidly like aldermen who were going to make speeches and were ashamed but not frightened. There were mediocre books bearing themselves with the carelessness of folk who are never looked at and have consequently no shyness. There were solemn books that seemed to be feeling for their spectacles; and there were tattered, important books that had got dirty because they took snuff, and were tattered because they had been crossed in love and had never married afterwards. There were prim, ancient tomes that were certainly ashamed of their heroines and utterly unable to obtain a divorce from the hussies; and there were lean, rakish volumes that leaned carelessly, or perhaps it was with studied elegance, against their neighbours, murmuring in affected tones, "All heroines are charming to us.”
  
      “I'm all right, Nic," Wolfe said, and finally looked at him. "We walked through the dungeons under Rome, survived Philadelphia, and this perfumed cage won't bring us to our knees. We're all stronger than that."
      “و لكن لماذا اختير بلال يا ترى ليكون هو المؤذن للصلاة؟
      “He loved her like a roaring lion, even when she was most unlovable, and there's a lot to be said for that...that kind of fierce, raging, omnipotent love.”
  
      “If you only read books, how will you read the scripture inside you?”
  
      “There are many books, but One holy book, the HOLY BIBLE.”
  
      “Books. The reading, writing and cultivation of books is my form of meditation. The books in my life have brought me the closet to divinity.”
  
      “I walked around the library looking for books. I pulled them off the shelves, one by one. But they were all tricks. They were very dull. There were pages and pages of words that didn't say anything. Or if they did say something they took too long to say it and by the time they said it you already were too tired to have it matter at all. I tried book after book. Surely, out of all those books, there was one.”
  
      “Never give up! And write for yourself first and foremost.”
  
      “Books were cities I'd never visited, filled with pillars of great thoughts and streets of phrases, mazes of abstruse sentence structures and alleys of complicated syllables. They were stores that displayed a wide range of things, punctuation twinkling like the crest of a venerable family, sentences breathing peacefully, words whispering.”
  
      “You know that feeling when you are reading a book, and you know that it is going to be a tragedy; you can feel the cold and darkness coming, see the net drawing close around the characters who live and breathe on the pages. But you are tied to the story as if being dragged behind a carriage, and you cannot let go or turn the course aside.”
  
      “I learned a long time ago that the two things that most impact our lives are the people we spend our time with and the things we read. Yep. Relationships and reading.”
  
      “The clean book bill will be one of the most immoral measures ever adopted. It will throw American art back into the junk heap.”
  
      “Only a reader can understand how a book with 100 pages can be too long and one with 1000 pages can be too short.”
  
      “Something is wrong with me, it's something about me. it has to be me because all those people cannot have changed.”
  
      “He was letting you break your icons one by one. he was letting you reduce him to the status of a human being.”
  
      “when you're young you do think that things last forever unfortunately they don't Lyra.”
  
      “على الصخرة تكسرت إرادة أمية ,لابد انه فهم يومها ان ذلك الشئ الذى حدث فى داخل بلال كان استثنائيا..كان حدثا خارقا للعادة.”
  
      “It goes without saying that even those of us who are going to hell will get eternal life—if that territory really exists outside religious books and the minds of believers, that is. Having said that, given the choice, instead of being grilled until hell freezes over, the average sane human being would, needless to say, rather spend forever idling in an extremely fertile garden, next to a lamb or a chicken or a parrot, which they do not secretly want to eat, and a lion or a tiger or a crocodile, which does not secretly want to eat them.”
  
      “You want weapons? We´re in a library! Books! The best weapons in the world! This room´s the greatest arsenal we could have.”
  
      “Crees que tú decidiste comprar un libro, pero en realidad él se puso ahí para que lo vieras y te sintieras atraído. Los libros no quieren ser leídos por cualquier persona, quieren ser leídos por las mejores personas, por eso buscan a sus lectores.”
  
      “Happiness, said De Quincey, on his discovery of the paradise that he thought he had found in opium, could be sent down by the mail-coach; more truly I could announce my discovery that delight could be contained in small octavos and small type, in a bookshelf three feet long.”
  