https://www.goodreads.com/quotes/tag/books?page=65
      “Without a doubt,
      “I hate it that Americans are taught to fear some books and some ideas as though they were diseases.”
  
      “Books are a uniquely portable magic”
  
      “The point is, Jenna, no one is normal or perfect like that house you see across the street. Everyone suffers from their own struggles, whether they’re big or small.”
  
      “Ten minutes of careful searching later, Maelyn faced the dismal truth - she was bookless.”
  
      “Ability, experience and books have solution for all the problems.”
  
      “There is this idea that you either read to escape or you read to find yourself. I don't really see the difference. We find ourselves through the process of escaping.”
  
      “Have you ever looked at, say, a picture or a great building or read a paragraph in a book and felt the world suddenly expand and, in the same instant, contract and harden into a kernel of perfect purity? Do you know what I mean? Everything suddenly fits, everything's in its place.”
  
      “He who studies old books will always find in them something new, and he who reads new books will always find in them something old.”
  
      “Books require titles; reading them doesn't”
  
      “When a day goes by and I haven't written anything, I better have been doing something worth writing about.”
  
      “Usually, I set one foot in a library and I feel my own internal volume lower. A library is a physical equivalent of a sigh. It’s the silence, sure, but it’s also the certainty of all those books, the way they stand side by side with their still, calm conviction. It’s the reassurance of knowledge in the face of confusion.”
  
      “They were waiting for me in the books and in stories, after all, hiding inside the twenty six characters and a handful of punctuation marks. These letters and words, when placed in the right order, would conjure all manner of exotic beasts and people from the shadows, would reveal the motives and minds of insects and of cats. They were spells, spelled with words to make worlds, waiting for me, in the pages of books.”
  
      “Books are not about passing the time. They're about other lives. Other worlds.”
  
      “Books are the salt of life; without them, there is no flavor.”
  
      “All writers are waiting for replies. That’s what I’ve learned. Maybe all human beings are”
  
      “Ah, distinctly I remember it was in the bleak December 
      “Naturally, since I myself am a writer, I do not wish the ordinary reader to read no modern books. But if he must read only the new or only the old, I would advise him to read the old.”
  
      “Literature cannot be imposed; it must be discovered.”
  
      “I dusted my books off, placing each one—sorted alphabetically and by genre—on the shelves Dad installed. What some people might call “anal,” I’d call efficient. What good was it to have a book if you couldn’t find it when you wanted it?”
  
      “Narratives can make us understand. Photographs do something else: they haunt us.”
  
      “Every word spoken in the past accumulated forms and colors in the self. What flows through the veins besides blood is the distillation of every act committed, the sediment of all the visions, wishes, dreams and experiences. All the past emotions converge to tint the skin and flavor the lips, to regulate the pulse and produce crystals in the eyes.”
  
      “No days, perhaps, of all our childhood are ever so fully lived are those that we had regarded as not being lived at all: days spent wholly with a favourite book.”
  
      “The potion drunk by lovers is prepared by no one but themselves. The potion is the sum of one's whole existence.”
  
      “You got shook and shook till there was nothing left. You lost your name and your body and your self and you just didn't care.”
  
      “Photographs objectify: they turn an event or a person into something that can be possessed.”
  
      “No "we" should be taken for granted when the subject is looking at other people's pain.”
  
      “The love I knew was from books..”
  
      “The orator yields to the inspiration of a transient occasion, and speaks to the mob, before him, to those who can hear him; but the writer, whose more equable life is his crowd which inspire the orator, speaks to the intellect and heart of mankind, to all in any age who can understand him.”
  
      “I do not want to just read books; I want to crawl inside them and live there.”
  