https://www.goodreads.com/quotes/tag/books?page=97
      “Poetry is jealous of you tonight, 
      “Oh yes! I have couple-goals too. I love to couple myself with- Books, Coffee and Mountains.”
  
      “If all shy, soulful young women who dreamed of becoming writers for a living actually could do that, imagine the library we would have.”
  
      “If Kindle is upgraded with face recognition and biometric sensors, it can know what made you laugh, what made you sad and what made you angry. Soon, books will read you while you are reading them.”
  
      “We've all grown unaccustomed to life, we're all lame, each of us more or less. We've even grown so unaccustomed that at times we feel a sort of loathing for real "living life," and therefore cannot bear to be reminded of it. For we've reached a point where we regard real "living life" almost as a labor, almost as a service, and we all agree in ourselves that it's better from a book.”
  
      “Sometimes, 
      “This is a woman who didn’t want her viewpoints challenged, nor to see the views of the half of the world that comprises men. Her assumption is that all male authors are sexist and that their books distort the views of women....that’s bigoted and despicable: the form of feminism that sees men as the enemy from the outset, and seeks to reinforce that prejudice by reading only books that keep her in her safe space.....The future, in both life and books, is men and women together, with a mutual understanding that can come only from learning about each other’s thoughts. [About Caitlin Moran's sexist statement that girls shouldn't read any books written by men.]”
  
      “Archie says books are our best lovers and our most provoking friends.”
  
      “I thought I would write a love letter. But then, I wrote a book." - Suzy Davies, on "Johari's Window”
  
      “That is how we writers all started: by reading. We heard the voice of a book speaking to us.”
  
      “The wider we read the freer we become.”
  
      “Nothing threatens a corrupt system like a free mind.”
  
      “I often find that once a child unlocks the secret of words, they hunger for them. There is a kind of magic in reading. It takes the mind to places where the body may not go, allowing one to forget, for a while, life's troubles.”
  
      “The Golden Horn of Griffo is finely wrought," Zenodotus said, tracing his finger along the curve of Telemach's treasure. "And the magic is in its making alone. Do you understand? There is no sorcery here..."
      “Det er midnatt: bøkene lukket,
      “Someone once said to me, 'There are so many religions in the world. They can't all be right.' 
      “The pain is real. Flowing as a brook beneath my flesh. I am broken, and yet, I still breathe.”
  
      “I don't care about wearing branded clothes or flaunting brands. But I do care about the books that I read and the music that I listen to.”
  
      “I find it quite intriguing that the one observing me as different, immediately assumes that there's something wrong with me, but never, not even for one instant, questions the possibility of the opposite. It's truly amazing that the ones with more certainties, the most arrogant and the most selfish, are indeed the most stupid inside society. They are so dumb and ignorant that they can't see a writer in front of their nose. And the more the writer types, talks and thinks, the more they think that this separation, this difference, grants them some form of superiority. Indeed, the light pushes demons into hell. The brighter your light, the faster you differentiate others. The way of the light was never meant for the weak, which are a majority. And this majority will always ignore the light, as demons fearing and hating angels. And so, it's interesting that without artists God would not have a way to reach the world. And yet, without the ignorant, Satan wouldn't have a way to stop God.”
  
      “Are we to deny our daughters the works of Oscar Wilde, Charles Dickens, John Steinbeck or Shakespeare?....Where is the equality in banning girls from enjoying wonderful works of literature?....What kind of society defines suitable reading material by sex? This is indefensible censorship encouraging ignorance and bias. [About Caitlin Moran's statement.]”
  
      “I always have enjoyed people to read for me or to have the chace to listen of how they narrate a book.”
  
      “Books should not be loved selfishly. Neither books nor anything else, in fact.”
  
      “We can read a good spiritual book in search of information or in search of God. We will find only what we're looking for.”
  
      “You may have noticed that the books you really love are bound together by a secret thread. You know very well what is the common quality that makes you love them, though you cannot put it into words: but most of your friends do not see it at all, and often wonder why, liking this, you should also like that.”
  
      “Just as food is fuel for the body, books are fuel for the mind.”
  
      “Something in me - probably a small, nationalist dwarf part of my brain - something in me would like to feel proud of Dutch literature. But its hard to when the annual 'book week gift' year in year out is granted to a male. I dont like being part of an unjust system. But let me say this: it is the election method that is the real problem here. The 'vergadering' (meeting) that employs a simple flagging system - the basic way almost everything is decided here, from literary prizes to how much money is divided - it is a system based on the destruction of subtle values. You cannot ever ever say: I didnt understand this book. You can only say 'yes' or 'no'. And that system, that annihilates all forms of subtlety, that system is patriarchal in all its essence. So its useless to simply maintain the method, and try alter the outcome.”
  
      “Writers are highly resistant to reality. Just as well or the human condition would go undocumented.”
  
      “A jewelled garden the envy of Aladdin's cave spilled across the courtyard.”
  
      “Jin looked both ways for the Quicksilver Dragon before crossing the canal.”
  
      “The two old men were as still as the stone bench on which they sat, as though their lengthy communion with the 