https://www.goodreads.com/quotes/tag/books?page=92
      “You are enough to drive a saint to madness or a king to his knees.”
  
      “A good reader should always have two books with him: one to read, the other one to lend.”
  
      “What's happiness for a reader? Be pleasantly surprised by a book from which he expected nothing.”
  
      “Give yourself unto reading. The man who never reads will never be read; he who never quotes will never be quoted. He who will not use the thoughts of other men’s brains, proves that he has no brains of his own. You need to read.”
  
      “Let's read as if books were to disappear tomorrow!”
  
      “You are enough to drive a saint to madness or a king to his knees
      “Before every elementary school classroom had a 'Drop Everything and Read' period, before parents and educators agonized more about children being glued to Call of Duty or getting sucked into the vortex of the Internet, reading as a childhood activity was not always revered. Maybe it was in some families, in some towns, in some magical places that seemed to exist only in stories, but not where I was. Nobody trotted out the kid who read all the time as someone to be admired like the ones who did tennis and ballet and other feats requiring basic coordination.
      “They both fell silent. For a while the only sound they could hear was the noise of books resting on shelves, which wasn’t really enough of a sound to distract them from the awkwardness of the moment.”
  
      “Even so-called 'short novels' are pretty long and can take several hours to read, so make sure you stay hydrated. I like to keep an isotonic sports drink handy if I'm going to be reading for any longer than forty minutes. I'll also take regular breaks and make sure I'm wearing loose-fitting clothing.”
  
      “Books gnaw at me from around the edges of my life, demanding more time and attention. I am always left hungry.”
  
      “King Arthur's Knights had been the first book Arthur had read late at night under the covers with a torch...it was he supposed, thinking back on it, the first book that had showed him what reading was really all about.”
  
      “And thus it happens that the reader, the closer he comes to the novel's end, the more he wishes he were back in the summer with which it begins, and finally, instead of following the hero onto the cliffs of suicide, joyfully turns back to that summer, content to stay there forever.”
  
      “Every reader writes the book he or she reads, supplying what isn't there, and that creative invention becomes the book.”
  
      “Men do everything that men do, from waging war to reading books, for one purpose only: to get laid.”
  
      “—No, ahora no Daniela. No seré capaz de controlarme si dices algo —señaló con voz grave—. Creo que he sido paciente, muy paciente…
      “I have lived in worlds beyond counting and countries as strange and wonderful as the dance of dust in sunbeams, because I have lived in books.”
  
      “—¿Qué ha sucedido aquí? —preguntó refiriéndose a lo que había interrumpido con su llegada.
      “- ¿Quieres ver el libro que traigo? -dijo Harlan.
      “Desire may cease once the desired person or object is acquired. The desire of reading doesn’t cease once a book is read, however extraordinary this one was.”
  
      “I was driven to go into book writing by the very nature of journalism and blogging. Both are ephemeral. Journalists and bloggers can have humongous egos. But in the end, what they write is really a passing show. I wanted something more lasting — a record of sorts, something people can look back to and relish again like hot, home–brewed coffee.”
  
      “She was a poetry book with the wrong dust jacket, shelved in the Reference section.”
  
      “Dear books, please take me to the places where my feet can't take me.”
  
      “Books were everywhere, lined neatly on shelves that went from floor to ceiling. The ceiling was two stories high, with an upper balcony that provided access to a second-floor gallery. The dazzling array f red, gold, green, and brown bindings was a feast for the eyes, while the wonderful smells of vellum, parchment, and pungent leather almost caused Amanda to salivate. An exquisite waft of tea leaves lingered in the air. For anyone who enjoyed the pursuit of reading, this place surely was paradise.”
  
      “If you write a kid's book only for kids, then you have failed.”
  
      “Oh let me live my own! and die so too! 
      “Don't let your past dictate your future,”
  
      “A poor man needs the escape far more than a wealthy man does."
      “Books were everywhere, lined neatly on shelves that went from floor to ceiling. The ceiling was two stories high, with an upper balcony that provided access to a second-floor gallery. The dazzling array of red, gold, green, and brown bindings was a feast for the eyes, while the wonderful smells of vellum, parchment, and pungent leather almost caused Amanda to salivate. An exquisite waft of tea leaves lingered in the air. For anyone who enjoyed the pursuit of reading, this place surely was paradise.”
  
      “Whenever one of us introduced an old favorite, we savored the other's first delight like a shared meal eaten with a newly acquired gusto, as if we'd never truly tasted it before.”
  
      “All of us are writers reading other people's writing, turning pages or clicking to the next screen with pleasure and admiration. All of us absorb other people's words, feeling like we have gotten to know the authors personally in our own ways, even if just a tiny bit. True, we may also harbor jealousy or resentment, disbelief or disappointment. We may wish we had written those words ourselves or berate ourselves for knowing we never could or sigh with relief that we didn't, but thank goodness someone else has.”
  