https://www.goodreads.com/quotes/tag/books?page=84
      “I think they worried that my grandfather would infect me with some incurable dreaminess from which I'd never recover.”
  
      “Does anyone believe in that? That souls can transmigrate?’
      “I love books down to the full stops. I love them in a way that’s beyond logic and reason. That’s just the way it is. I love them the way those people in the Letter Library love them. It’s not enough to read, I want to talk through the pages to get to the other side, to get to the person who read them before me. I want to spend my life hunting them, reading them, selling them. I want to serve customers and put the right book in their hands. I want it all. And I want it to go on forever. And if it can’t last then I want to want it right up to the very final second. And I want a girl who wants me the same way. Dust and all.”
  
      “Reading to me has always been like having a conversation with people who wouldn’t ask me any personal questions. Instead, they open up their own hearts and tell their secrets to me.”
  
      “La peur vient de vos parents et d'autres membres de votre entourage. Ce sont eux qui la construisent en vous. On est tellement innocent au début; on ne sait pas”
  
      “One afternoon he started to talk about his collection of books. Of 3000 books, he found only 30 worth keeping. We were all ready to take notes, expecting Mies to tell us the titles of those 30 books. Mies, instead, with a big smile on his face told us they were important only to him and we must find our own 30 by ourselves.”
  
      “It wasn't that she was shallow, exactly, but everyone knows, looks are important for media work...”
  
      “There are never enough books to be satisfied with”
  
      “فبما إنّي كنتُ أكتب .. توجّب الحديث عن الكتب ، وهذا ما لا يتحمّله الرجال ، لا يتحمّلون امرأةً تكتب. إنّه أمرٌ لا يُطاق بالنسبة إلى الرجل ، شاقّ على الجميع”
  
      “I like stories more than I like books.”
  
      “Louie was still scratching his head when Tim McGrath wandered over. "What did I tell you about folks that read books too much?" Tim demanded. "makes 'em queer, that's what it does. Why here's these people, as nice pleasant-spoken as you could want --but queer. Only yesterdayI was telling them they'd have to get rid of these here moles. Said I'd bring up a couple of my traps and set 'em, and she sez quick, just like she sez to you, 'No. No traps.' So I sez I'd got some good poison I could put out and 
      “But Rosine had read books . . . so many books ... Her over-excited memory was filling her mind with terrifying 
      “I run my fingers down the spines of old books and ancient tales. I smell the ink and feel the pages as I delicately peer at the words and paragraphs. Each book home to a story, giving its characters immortality. I smile and think that perhaps someday, I will make a home out of these pages too. And sit on a shelf, ready and waiting to share my story with the next reader.”
  
      “To find out what a story's 
      “When she was reading she wasn’t the quiet Sullivan twin, she wasn’t the one no one ever noticed. She became a princess in a castle. Or a clown juggling under the circus big top. She explored jungles on elephants’ backs and took trips to Mars on spaceships. Reading took her anywhere she wanted to go. And Sophie found that she wanted to go absolutely everywhere.”
  
      “I don't know what to say about it, except that it moved me in a way one hopes to be moved each time he begins a book.”
  
      “Even if all knowledge could be found in books, where it is mixed in with so many useless things and confusingly heaped in such large volumes, it would take longer to read those books than we have to live in this life and more effort to select the useful things than to find them oneself”
  
      “THE TRUTH IS BIRTHED IN DEATH”
  
      “Every day, librarians enforce copyright policies that we may disagree with and that, in some ways, run contrary to the values of our profession. Every day, librarians must decide between a desire to preserve the privacy of our community members and offering services our communities demand. Every day, librarians must make a choice between doing what’s easy, doing what’s right, and determining what’s right in the first place. No textbook or mission statement or policy document can relieve us of the necessity to make those decisions, nor remove the complexity of those decisions. That’s why we are librarians and why librarians are professionals, not clerks. That’s why we are stewards within the communities we serve, not servants to them. That’s why we must shape the missions and the work of our organizations and communities, and not simply accept them.”
  
      “Books are uniquely portable magic. By Stephen King”
  
      “But what were even gold and silver, precious stones and clockwork, to the bookshops, whence a pleasant smell of paper freshly pressed came issuing forth, awakening instant recollections of some new grammar had at school, long time ago, with ‘Master Pinch, Grove House Academy’, inscribed in faultless writing on the fly-leaf! That whiff of russia leather, too, and all those rows on rows of volumes, neatly ranged within – what happiness did they suggest! And in the window were the spick-and-span new works from London, with the title-pages, and sometimes even the first page of the first chapter, laid wide open: tempting unwary men to begin to read the book, and then, in the impossibility of turning over, to rush blindly in, and buy it! Here too were the dainty frontispiece and trim vignette, pointing like hand-posts on the outskirts of great cities to the rich stock of incident beyond; and store of books, with many a grave portrait and time-honoured name, whose matter he knew well, and would have given mines to have, in any form, upon the narrow shelf beside his bed … What a heart-breaking shop it was!”
  
      “A man can be rich as long as he reads.”
  
      “Even when you do nothing, you are doing something. Be aware of your decisions and what they mean for the book you are designing. You can make books better or worse. The content is the engine that leads to ideas, personal ideas, crazy ideas. Be clear about who you are, what you believe in and do not try to be someone else. Stick to your ideas. Embrace them. However impulsive or intuitive they might be, they are your treasures. Rely on the inner feeling that what you look for will work, that it will be right. Use your imagination to make the book that does not exist yet. It could be your best book ever.”
  
      “Morrie.. had developed his own culture - long before he got sick. He read books to find new ideas for his classes, visited with colleagues, kept up with old students, wrote letters to distant friends. He took more time eating and looking at nature.. 
      “Whatever that place is, I don't much care -- not unless a book has happened there.”
  
      “Listen girl, the books we love, they love us back. And just as we mark our places in the pages, those pages leave their marks on us.”
  
      “Письменником буде не той, хто виражає почуття, а той, вражає почуття.”
  
      “Yorick's Used and Rare Books had a small storefront on Channing but a deep interior shaded by tall bookcases crammed with history, poetry, theology, antiquated anthologies. There was no open wall space to hang the framed prints for sale, so Hogarth's scenes of lust, pride, and debauchery leaned rakishly against piles of novels, folk tales, and literary theory. In the back room these piles were so tall and dusty that they took on a geological air, rising like stalagmites. Jess often felt her workplace was a secret mine or quarry where she could pry crystals from crevices and sweep precious jewels straight off the floor.
      “Tiene que haber algo en los libros, cosas que no podemos imaginar para hacer a una mujer permanecer en una casa que arde. Ahí tiene que haber algo. Uno no se sacrifica por nada.”
  
      “You think there's something materialistic about collecting books, but really collectors are the last romantics. We're the only ones who still love books as objects."