https://www.goodreads.com/quotes/tag/books?page=99
      “Even so have I given the womb of the earth to those that be sown in it in their times.”
  
      “Number me the things that are not yet come- gather me together the dross that are scattered abroad- make me the flowers green again that are withered- Open me the places that are closed, and bring me forth the winds that in them are shut up- shew me the image of a voice: and then I will declare to thee the thing that thou labor to know.”
  
      “If the most High grant thee to live, thou shall see after the third trumpet that the sun shall suddenly shine again in the night, and the moon thrice in the day:”
  
      “Blood shall drop out of wood, and the stone shall give his voice, and the people shall be troubled:”
  
      “He shall rule, whom they look not for that dwell upon the earth, and the fowls shall take their flight away together:”
  
      “The Sodomy sea shall cast out fish, and make a noise in the night, which many have not known: but they shall all hear the voice thereof.”
  
      “There shall be confusion also in many places, and the fire shall be oft sent out again, and the wild beasts shall change their places, and menstruate women shall bring forth monsters:”
  
      “Salt waters shall be found in the sweet, and all friends shall destroy one another; then shall wit hide itself, and understanding withdraw itself into his secret chamber-”
  
      “One land also shall ask another, and say, ‘Is righteousness that makes a man righteous gone through thee?’ And it shall say, ‘No.”
  
      “At the same time shall men hope, but nothing obtain: they shall labor, but their ways shall not prosper.”
  
      “To shew thee such tokens I have leave; and if thou wilt pray again, and weep as now, and fast even days, thou shall hear yet greater things.”
  
      “An extreme fearfulness moves through all your body, and your mind is troubled more.”
  
      “After seven days of fasten so it was, that the thoughts of my heart were very grievous unto me- and my soul recovered the spirit of understanding.”
  
      “Hear me, and I will instruct thee; hearken to the thing that I say, and I shall tell thee more.”
  
      “Thou art sore troubled in mind for the people in the world’s sake: loves thou that people better than he that made them?”
  
      “The land, that thou see now to have root, shall thou see wasted suddenly.”
  
      “O Lord that bear rule, who may know these things, but he that had not his dwelling with men?”
  
      “As for you, you're unwise: how may you then speak of these things whereof thou ask you?”
  
      “Like as thou canst do none of these things that I have spoken of, even so canst thou not find out my judgment, or in the end the love that I have promised unto my people.”
  
      “Behold, O Lord, yet art thou nigh unto them that be reserved till the end: and what shall they do that have been before me, or we that be now, or they that shall come after us?”
  
      “I will liken my judgment unto a ring: like as there is no slackness of the last, even so there is no swiftness of the first.”
  
      “Could thou not make those that have been made, and be now, and that are for to come, at once; that thou might shew thy judgement the sooner?”
  
      “The creature may not haste above the maker; neither may the world hold them at once that shall be created therein.”
  
      “As thou hast said unto thy servant, that thou, which gives life to all, hast given life at once to the creature that thou hast created, and the creature bare it: even so it might now also bear them that now be present at once.”
  
      “Ask the womb of a woman, and say unto her, If thou bring forth children, why dost thou it not together, but one after another? pray her therefore to bring forth ten children at once.”
  
      “She cannot: but must do it by distance of time.”
  
      “How my adventures become your sins?”
  
      “What betrayed me? Was it my heart? Or my Soul?”
  
      “You do not love me; you love my success!”
  
      “Iniquity shall be increased above that which now thou see, or that thou hast heard long ago.”
  