https://www.goodreads.com/quotes/tag/books?page=100
      “Nevertheless now have I asked thee but only of the fire and wind, and of the day where-through thou hast passed, and of things from which thou canst not be separated, and yet canst thou give me no answer of them.”
  
      “Thine own things, and such as are grown up with thee, canst thou not know; How should thy vessel then be able to comprehend the way of the Highest, and, the world being now outwardly corrupted to understand the corruption that is evident in my sight?”
  
      “It were better that we were not at all, than that we should live still in wickedness, and to suffer, and not to know wherefore.”
  
      “I went into a forest into a plain, and the trees took counsel- And said, Come, let us go and make war against the sea that it may depart away before us, and that we may make us more woods.
      “Verily it is a foolish thought that they both have devised, for the ground is given unto the wood, and the sea also had its place to bear its floods.”
  
      “Thou hast given a right judgment, but why judge thou not thyself also?”
  
      “For like as the ground is given unto the wood, and the sea to his floods: even so they that dwell upon the earth may understand nothing but that which is upon the earth: and he that dwell above the heavens may only understand the things that are above the height of the heavens.”
  
      “I beseech thee, O Lord, let me have understanding: For it was not my mind to be curious of the high things, but of such as pass by us daily.”
  
      “Wherefore the present age is given up as a reproach to the heathen, and for what cause the people whom thou hast loved is given over unto ungodly nations?!”
  
      “Why the law of our forefathers are brought to nought, and the written covenants come to none effect-”
  
      “We pass away out of the world as grasshoppers, and our life is astonishment and fear, and we are not worthy to obtain mercy.”
  
      “What will he then do unto his name whereby we are called? ...of these things have I asked.”
  
      “The more thou search, the more thou shall marvel.”
  
      “The more thou search, the more thou shall marvel; for the world hast fast to pass away-”
  
      “The world hast fast to pass away- And cannot comprehend the things that are promised to the righteous in time to come: for this world is full of unrighteousness and infirmities.”
  
      “As concerning the things whereof thou asked me, I will tell thee; for the evil is sown, but the destruction thereof is not yet come.”
  
      “If therefore that which is sown be not turned upside down, and if the place where the evil is sown passes not away, then cannot it come that is sown with good?”
  
      “The grain of evil seed had been sown in the heart of Adam from the beginning, and how much ungodliness had it brought up unto this time? and how much shall it yet bring forth until the time of threshing come?”
  
      “Ponder now by thyself, how great fruit of wickedness the grain of evil seed had brought forth. And when the ears shall be cut down, which are without number, how great a floor shall they fill?”
  
      “How, and when shall these things come to pass? wherefore are our years few and evil?”
  
      “Do not thou hasten above the most Highest: for thy haste is in vain to be above him, for thou hast much exceeded.”
  
      “Did not the souls also of the righteous ask question of these things in their chambers, saying, "How long shall I hope on this fashion?" when cometh the fruit of the floor of our reward?”
  
      “O Lord that bear rule, even we all are full of impiety. And for our sakes peradventure it is that the floors of the righteous are not filled, because of the sins of them that dwell upon the earth.”
  
      “Go thy way to a woman with child, and ask of her when she had fulfilled her nine months, if her womb may keep the birth any longer within her.”
  
      “In the grave the chambers of souls are like the womb of a woman: For like as a woman that travails make haste to escape the necessity of the travail: even so do these places haste to deliver those things that are committed unto them.”
  
      “From the beginning, look, what thou desires to see, it shall be shew thee.”
  
      “If I have found favor in thy sight, and if it be possible, and if I be meet therefore, shew me then whether there be more to come than is past, or more past than is to come.”
  
      “Stand up upon the right side, and I shall expound the similitude unto thee.”
  
      “Consider with thyself; as the rain is more than the drops, and as the fire is greater than the smoke; but the drops and the smoke remain behind: so the quantity which is past did more exceed.”
  
      “As for the tokens whereof thou ask me, I may tell thee of them in part: but as touching thy life, I am not sent to shew thee.”
  