https://www.goodreads.com/quotes/tag/books?page=98
      “Books have the power to create, destroy or change civilization.”
  
      “A couple of customers interrupted [...] who wanted to know if we had some YA book about ants and aliens I'd never heard of.”
  
      “Tu casa, al ser el lugar donde lees, puede decirnos cuál es el lugar que los libros tienen en tu vida, si son una defensa que tú interpones para mantener alejado al mundo de fuera, un sueño en el que te hundes como en una droga, o bien si son puentes que lanzas hacia el exterior, hacia el mundo que te interesa tanto que quieres multiplicar y dilatar sus dimensiones a través de los libros.”
  
      “I only wrote prose before I met you. 
      “If I had to choose between all the books in the world and you, then I would choose to read your body for the rest of my life.”
  
      “The shadow self is what lies beneath the makeup. It’s those ugly parts that you haven’t accepted about yourself. You hide those parts in the shadows until you’re ready.” Her face remained a haunting calm. “When you realize the scars are who you are, that there was nothing wrong with you and that you were beautiful all along - that’s when you decide to take the makeup off.”
  
      “Flowers for Algernon again? she asks. Doesn't that book always make you cry?
      “Because I am, just as you are you. We don’t always get to pick who we are, Shelly Wynn, but we can choose to celebrate it.”
  
      “They were full of suspicion and wonder, which I had grown to recognize as two very dangerous things.”
  
      “Books saved you. Having become your refuge, they sustained you. The power of books, this marvelous invention of astute human intelligence. Various signs associated with sound: different sounds that form the word. Juxtaposition of words from which springs the idea, Thought, History, Science, Life. Sole instrument of interrelationships and of culture, unparalleled means of giving and receiving. Books knit generations together in the same continuing effort that leads to progress. They enabled you to better yourself. What society refused you, they granted.”
  
      “Patches don’t look it, but when attached to your soul they can get pretty heavy. They go over the holes in your soul, like when you patch a sock. When you have a hole in your soul, it’s because you’re hurting from something. I don’t know if you noticed, but that girl had a lot of holes.”
  
      “There’s nothing wrong with you at all. Sometimes people say or do things that are mean because there's something the matter with them. With Lydia, it seems there’s always something wrong with her.”
  
      “I am calling it a journey because the beauty of reading is, while you are reading you are in the same phase and the same mood the book is offering for as many days you continue to read.”
  
      “And once more given to inaction,
      “Ya en el escaparate de la librería localizaste la portada con el título que buscabas. Siguiendo esa huella visual te abriste paso en la tienda a través de la tupida barrera de los Libros Que No Has Leído que te miraban ceñudos desde mostradores y estanterías tratando de intimidarte. Pero tú sabes que no debes dejarte acoquinar, que entre ellos se despliegan hectáreas y hectáreas de los Libros Que Puedes Prescindir De Leer, de los Libros Hechos Para Otros Usos Que La Lectura, de los Libros Ya Leídos Sin Necesidad Siquiera De Abrirlos Pues Pertenecen A La Categoría De Lo Ya Leído Antes Aun De Haber Sido Escrito. Y así superas el primer cinturón de baluartes y te cae encima la infantería de los Libros Que Si Tuvieras Más Vidas Que Vivir Ciertamente Los Leerías También De Buen Grado Pero Por Desgracia Los Días Que Tienes Que Vivir Son Los Que Son. Con rápido movimiento saltas sobre ellos y caes entre las falanges de los Libros Que Tienes Intención De Leer Aunque Antes Deberías Leer Otros, de los Libros Demasiado Caros Que Podrías Esperar A Comprarlos Cuando Los Revendan A Mitad De Precio, de los Libros Idem De Idem Cuando Los Reediten En Bolsillo, de los Libros Que Podrías Pedirle A Alguien Que Te Preste, de los Libros Que Todos Han Leído, Conque Es Casi Como Si Los Hubieras Leído También Tú. Eludiendo estos asaltos, llegas bajo las torres del fortín, donde ofrecen resistencia.
      “Words have the power to change us." - Tessa Gray”
  
      “Like as a young child may not bring forth the things that belong to the aged, even so have I disposed the world which I created.”
  
      “Somehow her hula hoop had cut into the driver’s side door like the vehicle was made of cheese.”
  
      “She could spin it between her legs, skip with it, twirl it around her neck and transfer it from one arm to the other. Shelly hooped because she enjoyed it; it calmed her whenever she would have an argument or a bad day at school, and it also allowed her to think. Today, she needed to hoop more than ever.”
  
      “Shelly shook her head and made sure she had plenty of space so that she wouldn’t hit anything. As many times before, she kept the hoop close to her waist and then twirled it with small, tight bursts of speed. As the hoop gathered in momentum it started to give off a hum that soon took on a light blue illumination far brighter than the streetlamps. It was so bright, that it lit up the entire backyard.”
  
      “I’m afraid they’re not coming.” Abby said fearfully. “Our parents, our teachers – everyone! They’ve disappeared. That’s it. Lights out, Shelly. We’re on our own.”
  
      “Lydia displays her right hand and instantly bathed the room with a blinding light. It lasted only a moment before it drew back into her palm. 
      “It’s no big deal. It’s kind of like a tattoo. It won’t hurt, not too much, just a few stitches and it’ll be all over. It’s really interesting how it’s done. You won’t believe where your soul hides. Go on, take a guess. Where do you think it is?”
  
      “Aloha Oukou. It looked like your soul was escaping so I put you in a tree.”
  
      “Soon, all the children were chanting it. “No school! No school!”
  
      “When you read a line that is just so well-written you just close the book and stare at the wall for a minute.”
  
      “Reading is the life-saving water for our minds. Drink pure words as much as you need and remain alive!”
  
      “They that be born in the strength of youth are of one fashion, and they that are born in the time of age, when the womb fail, are otherwise.”
  
      “Seeing thou hast now given me the way, I will proceed to speak before thee: for our mother, of whom thou hast told me that she is young, draw now nigh unto age.”
  
      “The amount of books or films or series which are you going to watch doesn't matter as far as long you understand all of them and keep track of all them.”
  