https://www.goodreads.com/quotes/tag/books?page=59
      “Novels are food for the leftover hours of life, the in-between times, the moments of waiting.”
  
      “Bookish people, who are often maladroit people, persist in thinking they can master any subtlety so long as it's been shaped into acceptable expository prose.”
  
      “Flowers don't tell, they show. That's the way good books should be too."--Stephanie Skeem. Author of Flotsam”
  
      “Knowledge drifts in and out of my mind", said Lestat with a little look of honest distress and a shake of his head. "I devour it and then I lose it and sometimes I can't reach for any knowledge that I ought to possess. I feel desolate, but then knowledge returns or I seek it out in a knew source."
      “Between ourselves, there is no such thing, abstractly, as a 'good' book. A book is 'good' only when it meets some human hunger or refutes some human error. ”
  
      “I think about stories and their logic and wonder if there can be any such thing as simply "there is a book.”
  
      “He wanted nothing, for the time being, except to understand .... Without advice, assistance or plan, he began reading an incongruous assortment of books; he would find some passage which he could not understand in one book, and he would get another on that subject .... There was no order in his reading; but there was order in what remained of it in his mind.”
  
      “If I can get on to my sofa and occupy myself for four hours, at intervals through the day, scribbling my notes, and able to read the books that belong to me, in that they clarify the density, and shape the formless mass within, life seems inconceivably rich...”
  
      “Good books are for consideration after, too.”
  
      “Suddenly the reader's eyes were filled with tears, and a loving voice whispered in his ear: -Why are you crying if everything in that book isn't true?- And the reader replied: -I know; but what I feel is real.”
  
      “I look at the books on my library shelves. They certainly seem dormant. But what if the characters are quietly rearranging themselves? What if Emma Woodhouse doesn’t learn from her mistakes? What if Tom Jones descends into a sodden life of poaching and outlawry? What if Eve resists Satan, remembering God’s injunction and Adam’s loving advice? I imagine all the characters bustling to get back into their places as they feel me taking the book down from the shelf. “Hurry,” they say, “he’ll expect to find us exactly where he left us, never mind how much his life has changed in the meantime.”
  
      “As one tends to the graves of the dead, so I tend the books. I clean them, do minor repairs, keep them in good order. And every day I open a volume or two, read a few lines or pages, allow the voices of the forgotten dead to resonate inside my head. Do they sense it, these dead writers, when their books are read? Does a pinprick of light appear in their darkness? Is their soul stirred by the feather touch of another mind reading theirs? I do hope so, for it must be very lonely being dead.”
  
      “Geschichten sind die Essenz des Lebens, Apolonia", sagte er, so ernst wie immer, und sie hatte das Gefühl, dass es auf der ganzen Welt keinen gescheiteren Menschen gab. "Menschen kommen und gehen. Aber Geschichten überdauern die Zeit, denn sie sind hier in den Büchern, sie sind wie Schätze eingeschlossen und leben ewig. Du, Apolonia, wirst all das hier erben und nach mir die Bücher kaufen, verkaufen und lieben, die die ganze Schönheit der Welt in sich tragen.”
  
      “The difference between a novelist and someone who tinkers around with writing is this: novelists finish their books.”
  
      “I'm the first to admit that I don't write right. Now, relax and enjoy the show! The sideshow, that is.”
  
      “A book is never finished; it's abandoned.”
  
      “Reading is of course dry work, and further refreshment was called for and consumed.”
  
      “And please return it. You may think this a strange request, but I find that although my friends are poor arithmeticians, they are nearly all of them good bookkeepers.”
  
      “That's why I've just gone on … collecting this particular kind of stuff – what you might call riff-raff. There's not a book here, Lawford, that hasn't at least a glimmer of the real thing in it – just Life, seen through a living eye, and felt. As for literature, and style, and all that gallimaufry, don't fear for them if your author has the ghost of a hint of genius in his making.”
  
      “Fire is a speed reader, which is why the ignorant burn books: fire races through pages, takes care of all the knowledge, and never bores you with a summary.”
  
      “That's my point: if you own thirty or more books, or you are reading any book at this moment, you may protest all you want, but you were born on the wrong continent.”
  
      “ان الناس لاتعرف ان كتابا واحدا كفيل بان يغير مجرى حياة الانسان.”
  
      “Any given censor is a fool. The very fact that he is a censor indicates that.”
  
      “Just aiming a speely input device, or a Farspark chambre, or whatever you call it... a speelycaptor... at something doesn't collect what is meaningful to me. I need someone to gather it in with all their senses, mix it round in their head, and make it over into words.”
  
      “His books commingled democratically, united under the all-inclusive flag of Literature. Some were vertical, some horizontal, and some actually placed behind others. Mine were balkanized by nationality and subject matter.”
  
      “Then it is not uncommon for a man to become lost in a single letter, or hear a voice rise up from the silent page.”
  
      “There are two kinds of books in the world--the boring kind they make you read in school and the interesting kind that they won't let you read in school because then they would have to talk about real stuff like sex and divorce and is there a God and if there isn't then what happens when you die, and how come the history books have so many lies in them.”
  
      “People shock me when they say they never read. When I was young, if people didn't read they would never admit it. Now, its quite acceptable to be anti-intellectual.”
  
      “I knew books could see people around them, they ground their tiny teeth, tried to rattle like windows, stories to tell.”
  
      “Desejava uma verdadeira livraria tal como um viciado deseja uma dose. Não havia mesmo nada melhor do que aquele maravilhoso cheiro a livros novos, tocar nas capas e folhear um livro, cujas páginas, se calhar, nunca tinham sido folheadas.