https://www.goodreads.com/quotes/tag/books?page=94
      “I get so god damn lonely and sad and filled with regrets some days. It overwhelms me as I’m sitting on the bus; watching the golden leaves from a window; a sudden burst of realisation in the middle of the night. I can’t help it and I can’t stop it. I’m alone as I’ve always been and sometimes it hurts…. but I’m learning to breathe deep through it and keep walking. I’m learning to make things nice for myself. To comfort my own heart when I wake up sad. To find small bits of friendship in a crowd full of strangers. To find a small moment of joy in a blue sky, in a trip somewhere not so far away, a long walk an early morning in December, or a handwritten letter to an old friend simply saying ”I thought of you. I hope you’re well.”
      “One may never get to know how fast the time travels till the one gets in that position to race against the time.”
  
      “Time is the real emperor and there is no space for any pride since time flies and blows away anything.”
  
      “In the books I find the thrum of everything unsayable. The characters weep the way I want to, love the way I want to, cry, die, beat their breasts, and bray with life.”
  
      “Go for it because for all those moments that you would make up your mind the other might have already rushed for it.”
  
      “Lo poco que entiendo de la vida es por leer libros”
  
      “Fictions exist because of this fact. Because we have only one life, and our desires and fantasies demand a thousand lives. Because the abyss between what we are and what we would like to be has to be bridged somehow. That was why fictions were born: so that, through living this vicarious, transient, precarious, but also passionate and fascinating life that fiction transports us to, we can incorporate the impossible into the possible and our existence can be both reality and unreality, history and fable, concrete life and marvellous adventure.”
  
      “Till the time you realize your conquest you already reach that stage when you start losing the grip.”
  
      “...I have big dreams, too. I used to think that made me different and strange. But when I came here and found all these books, I realized there are places in the world where I belong, even if I haven't found them yet.”
  
      “If a boy can manage to have coffee with me during the apocalypse, I know he cares. There’s not a speck of doubt in my mind. He must care.”
  
      “He pilfered a copy of Ulysses, but it was possibly the one book he did not finish. 'What's the point of it? I suspect it was a bit of a joke by Joyce. He just kept his mouth shut as people read into it more then there was. Pseudo-intellectuals love to drop the name Ulysses as their favorite book. I refused to be intellectually bullied into finishing it.”
  
      “What’s going on?” Ingrid asked. “Listen, nothing bad today, please.” She pulled a chair out and sat down. 
      “A serious bibliophile never lends his books. In fact he does not even 
      “These scars that we have... they don't go away. They only fade with time, but they're still hauntingly there.”
  
      “I often buy print books only after I've read them in some digital form or other. It's my odd way of keeping the physical presence of the best among multitudes. And I only have one shelf.”
  
      “The only book Knight didn't steal was the one he most often saw. 'I had no need for a Bible,' he said.”
  
      “Knight's disdain for Thoreau was bottomless - 'he had no deep insight into nature'...”
  
      “He was a far more voracious reader than me, but he made it a rule to never touch a book by any author who had not been dead at least 30 years. "That's the only kind of book I can trust," he said.
      “I meet people and they become chapters in my stories.”
  
      “God's justice will always be found at the end of a pen.”
  
      “Oscar always said that books are truly our best friends. He said that they never think poorly of us and that they always have a shoulder for us to cry on or relieve stress. They take our minds away from the real world by telling us captivating stories. When we look back at our choice of books, we can nostalgically recall our younger years.”
  
      “Feeling like she really was just seven or eight, Claire sat down on the floor, books all around her, and she opened the last one she’d picked up. Even though it was dark, and even though her eyes couldn’t see the words, she knew them.
      “Self-Help books are for bitchesss”
  
      “On silent moonless nights, I don't feel lonely! I have my greatest friends - my books for company!”
  
      “He wanted to be stopped, to be dragged back, to be sent back home... But he was home. Hogwarts was the first and best home he had known. He and Voldemort and Snape, the abandoned boys, had all found home here...”
  
      “مَن يقرأ الكتب التي تتحدث عنها الصُّحُف ؟
      “You’re different, and I know that’s probably the most cliché response ever given, but it’s the truth. When I look at you, it’s as if I’m reading a novel. No matter how much time I spend studying your pages, there will always be more for me to learn, deeper layers of complexity to baffle me, and plot twists that’ll leave me speechless.”
  
      “I’d rather not know what lies ahead because I like the dark. I like thinking there is something good in the places I can’t see. And that’s not ignorance. That’s just hope.”
  
      “After the end of the world, there is a world. Life doesn’t stop. It changes. And it changes me.”
  
      “Don't judge me by my books. They're not my voices, and they were never my stories to tell.”
  