https://www.goodreads.com/quotes/tag/books?page=88
      “...but one can't be irredeemable who shows reverence for books.”
  
      “She was a ray of sunshine, a warm summer rain, a bright fire on a cold winter’s day, and now she could be dead because she had tried to save the man she loved.”
  
      “I spent days and nights staring at the blank page, searching the deepest corners of my mind: who have I been, what have I seen, what did I learn? I thought about all the nights I've spent outside, all the times I laid down to cry and how I took a deep breath every morning and decided to simply go on. Because what else is there to do? Decide that this is it? 
      “Standing in front of the white picket fence, I stared at the multitude of champagne roses weaving their hunter green vines gracefully through and around the fence. Soft hints of pink hues whispered from the centers of the blooms. Their petals covered the lush ground and rolled in a lazy dance with the warm summer breeze...”
  
      “Regina read all this, thinking with each sentence she'd put the book down. But a sentence became a paragraph, which flowed on into a page, two pages, a chapter, more.”
  
      “This is an instance of the truism that, when switching from one recording medium to another, there is always a considerable data loss. As the Roman empire declined, continuing preservation of early texts would be dependent on the efforts of the book copyists in the Middle Ages - and good luck. Are there any resemblances to our current digitization concerns?”
  
      “Books connect us readers to what we cannot see but imagine, an intangible sort of wonder and magic.”
  
      “If books had not bound together the experiences of former generations, the shackles of later generations in their forgetfulness would not have been loosed.”
  
      “He felt as if he had left a stage behind and many actors. He felt as if he had left the great seance and all the murmuring ghosts. He was moving from an unreality that was frightening into a reality that was unreal because it was new.”
  
      “Trithemius' concern for conservation was rare, indeed, and is a lesson to modern library managers who discard printed volumes, believing that e-books are the only way of the future.”
  
      “Books are the shells of wisdom, which are split open for the pearls of character.”
  
      “The replacement of independent bookstores by firms such as Barnes & Noble, Waterstones or Borders superficially provided a wide range of reading, but their policies further limited choice.”
  
      “It needs to be repeated that books are much more than merely vehicles for text. Awareness of the way a book is created, the materials of which it is made, flipping through the volume to see how it is arranged, the intended readership, the clues of the previous ownership and use, and potential problems in its conservation - all these become almost instinctive for experienced readers. (For rare-book custodians, such things as smelling a volume or shaking a leaf to hear the rattle provide further "forensic" information.) This is like an extension to the metadata (such as a book's Dewey class number), which is still largely absent from e-books.”
  
      “A man reading the Dickens novel wished that it might never end. Men read a Dickens story six times because they knew it so well.”
  
      “Who can know when his world is going to change? . . . Who would suspect that in the morning a different child would wake? . . . Perhaps I should have at least known something, but maybe not; who can sense revelation in the wind?
      “Sorrow's children were raised on books.”
  
      “These sciences are camel stallions — use books to line them up; these couplets are runaways — use books for them as halters.”
  
      “The best and most exciting kind of love is the one that's so close to the heart and so real in the mind yet, truly never exists in reality -- it keeps the heart young and the mind believing!”
  
      “The products your life must have could be in the form of books you’ve read or teachings you listen to via audio or video.”
  
      “The products your life must have could be in the form books you have written from the values you have added to yourself.”
  
      “If you can't write a book, write a chapter. If you can't do that, write a page, a sentence or a word. For it is from a single word that books are made.”
  
      “I noticed you made a bee-line for their bookcases." It is the oldest and most incorrigible trait of the book-lover.”
  
      “It really is an APPALLING thing to think of the people who have no books...It is only by books that most men and women can lift themselves above the sordidness of life. No books! Yet for the greater part of humanity that is the common lot. We may, in fact, divide our fellow-creatures into two branches - those who read books and those who do not.”
  
      “We awaken by asking the right questions.”
  
      “If I save my insight, I don’t attend to weakness of eyesight.”
  
      “Everything in the world exists to end up in a book.”
  
      “Blessings be the inventor of the alphabet, pen and printing press! Life would be--to me in all events--a terrible thing without books.”
  
      “There are books which take rank in our life with parents and lovers and passionate experiences, so medicinal, so stringent, so revolutionary, so authoritative.”
  
      “Why does the same book elicit such a range of responses? There must be something in the particular reader that leaps out to embrace the book. His life, his psychology, his image of himself. There must be something lurking deep in the mind—or, as this Freud says, the unconscious—that causes a particular reader to fall in love with a particular writer.”
  
      “There's no difference between pulp fiction and highbrow fiction, one is as good as the other, the only difference is the aura they have, and that's determined by the people who read the stuff, not by the book itself. There's no such thing as 'the book itself.”
  